Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Alex Berman",
  "channel_name": "Alex Berman",
  "video_id": "Zfpg_uDsztI",
  "title": "I Got My First 10 Clients From My Phone...here's how..",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zfpg_uDsztI",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 93,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
I got my first 10 paying clients without
sending a single cold email, without
buying a list, without spending a dollar
on ads. All 10 came from contacts that
were already sitting in my phone before
I even decided to start an agency. And I
can show you how to do the same thing
with the contacts you already have. Let
me walk you through exactly how. Pull
three lists tonight. Export every
contact from your Gmail or Outlook, old
clients, vendors, conference people,
co-workers. Then go through Instagram,
LinkedIn X, and write down every person
you could DM right now. After that,
export your phone contacts. When you
combine all three, you'll find somewhere
between a few hundred and a few thousand
warm contacts. And that's your pipeline
before you've typed a single message.
Pick the platform where you've got the
most people and start there. Don't
spread across all three at once because
one channel done well beats three done
poorly. If you're using social DMs,
space them out. Instagram caps newer
accounts at 20 to 50 DMs a day and
LinkedIn free accounts get about 100
connection messages per week. You won't
need high volume anyway because these
people already know your name.
Personalize every first message, but
keep it simple. Scroll their profile,
find something specific, and use it.
Hey, Marcus. saw you move to Austin.
How's settling in going? You're
reopening a conversation that went
quiet. So, shoot for a 100 outreaches a
day by mixing channels. 40 emails, 30
LinkedIn messages, 20 Instagram DMs, and
10 texts. And here is what that mix
looks like when it comes together. Okay,
so check this out. When they reply, use
what I call reflect, respect, redirect.
Reflect is where you point back to the
thing you mentioned in your opener.
Respect is where you add one honest
observation about what they've
accomplished. And redirect is a question
that steers toward the pain your service
fixes. something like, "With everything
you've got going on, are you still
handling your own client acquisition, or
have you brought in help on that side?"
After the conversation warms up, slip in
a referral, ask, "I've got a couple
openings for founders who want help
without outbound." Any name come to
mind. You're asking for a name, not a
credit card, so people say yes to that.
And a warm referral from someone your
prospect already trusts is worth five
times what a cold outreach to a stranger
is worth. That one move turns a dead-end
contact into a pipeline source. And once
I started asking that way, my referral
rate tripled in 2 months. That one
insight changed my whole approach. Track
everything in a spreadsheet with five
columns, name, platform, date, message,
status, and notes. Then send one
follow-up after 5 to seven days if they
don't reply. But before you book any
call, qualify over message by asking if
they're in a spot to invest in solving
this now or if they're in research mode.
Because that one question saves you 45
minutes on calls that go nowhere. When
you finally run through your warm
contacts, that's when you go cold. I use
Scraper City to pull verified leads by
industry, job title, company size, and
location. Targeted data you can
personalize. And if you want the cold
email system that's helped over 14,000
agencies book meetings, that's what
Galadon Gold is built for. If you need
leads, check out Scraper City. For cold
email coaching, check out Galadon Gold.
And if you want to see my favorite tools
to grow your business, go to alex
berman.com/tools.
The next video is coming up
