Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Alex Berman",
  "channel_name": "Alex Berman",
  "video_id": "1CDZ6bjyYHE",
  "title": "Kill Any Cold Email Objection Before It Hits (Here's How)",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CDZ6bjyYHE",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 76,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Your prospect is three sentences into
your cold email and there's already a
reason forming in their head for why
they won't reply. You don't know what it
is, but they do. Every cold email deal
dies right there, and today I'll walk
you through the three moves I use to
close them. All right, let's dive in. I
call it the first strike method. Three
moves done in order. Move one, surface
it. You name the fear out loud before
they can use it as a quiet exit. So, if
you're selling to early stage founders,
say it directly. Quick question, are you
in a spot where you're not sure if the
business will look the same in 12
months? They were already thinking it,
and you just said it first. Okay, now
flip it on its head. Move two, reframe
it. You don't argue the fear is wrong.
If things feel uncertain right now
becomes uncertain means expensive if
your systems aren't tight. So, if things
feel uncertain right now, that's exactly
when not having better systems costs you
the most. Stable businesses can coast,
but shaky ones can't afford to. The fear
is still there, but the conclusion
changed. Move three, flip it. You hand
them a story they can tell themselves.
Do you want to come out of this period
stronger than you went in? And they'll
always say yes. I've been running cold
email for over 11 years across multiple
companies, and we've helped close over
$200 million in B2B deals through
outreach. The biggest mistake I see
operators make when they try this is
being vague. I know you might have some
concerns does nothing. Name the specific
objection, which means doing the mapping
work first. Who's the buyer archetype
exactly? A solo founder doing under
20,000 a month has a completely
different fear than a 10-person shop
growing past 500,000 in annual recurring
revenue. So, take those two buyer
archetypes and watch how differently you
address each one. Let me show you what
that looks like in practice. Wire this
into a four-email sequence. Email one,
light surface. One sentence showing you
get the hesitation. Email two, run the
full first strike. Three short
paragraphs. Email three, social proof
against the objection. So, a specific
result from someone who had the same
fear. And email four, permission to say
no. If the timing really isn't right,
just say the word. Otherwise, let's talk
about whether this moves the needle.
Before any of this works though, you
need the right context. I use Scraper
City to build targeted lists by niche,
title, and company size so the copy
reaches the exact archetype I've mapped.
And if you want to go deeper on the
sequencing and follow-up structure,
that's the work we do inside Galadon
Gold with over 14,000 agencies trained.
If you need leads, check out Scraper
City. For cold email coaching, check out
Galedon Gold. And if you want to see my
favorite tools to grow your business, go
to alexberman.com/tools.
The next video is coming up now.
