Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Alex Berman",
  "channel_name": "Alex Berman",
  "video_id": "krkfL2WuO2g",
  "title": "Saving a $3,500,000 Agency for a Stranger in 51 Mins",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krkfL2WuO2g",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 85,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
A stranger DM'd me about his three and a
half million dollar agency, said it was
falling apart and he didn't know why. 51
minutes on a call together and I'd named
the three structural problems killing
it. Three problems that have killed
hundreds of agencies I've worked with
over 11 years. I've seen these same
three problems across hundreds of
agencies over 11 years. I've coached
thousands of people on this stuff. I
call it the demand first filter. Three
questions. First, is your market losing
money every week this problem goes
unsolved? If you can't put a dollar
number on it, you've built around a
want, not a need. CB Insights studied
hundreds of startup postmortems and
found that the number one killer is no
market need. 42% of all failures came
down to the market not wanting it badly
enough. Send this one-line email to 10
prospects. Quick one, how much is this
problem costing you per month right now
roughly? If they don't know the number
or give you something tiny, you've got
your answer. Skip this step and you end
up pouring leads into an offer nobody's
buying, which just speeds up the proof
that the offer doesn't work. And
skipping that one email is more common
than you'd think. And people still don't
do this. Second question, is your
service shaped around the client's pain
or around your own skills? Because
there's a supply-led version and a
demand-led version of every offer.
Supply-led sounds like we build
AI-powered outreach sequences using
custom GPT workflows. But demand-led
sounds like we book qualified sales
calls for B2B software companies that
don't have a full-time SDR. It's the
same service underneath, but a
completely different close rate. Stop
overcomplicating it, just do this
instead. Third question, do you have a
person or a system behind every job that
could sink the business if it fails?
Almost a quarter of startups die because
they never filled a critical role. So
draw a line down a page. On the left
side, list every function. Lead gen,
sales, fulfillment, client success,
finance. And on the right side, write
who's doing each one. If your name shows
up more than three times, something's
about to break. So pick the single
function that would sink you fastest and
get coverage there first. Ran out of
capital shows up at 70% on the failure
list. The money dried up because clients
weren't renewing, and that happened
because the service wasn't solving an
urgent enough problem. So if you fix
cash flow without fixing demand, you'll
be back in the same hole in three months
with less runway. And there is one thing
you can stop doing right now that
changes that. Once you stop doing this,
everything gets easier. Once you've
confirmed demand, lead gen becomes your
biggest lever. Pull targeted lists from
Scraper City filtered by job title,
industry, company size, and location and
start testing your proven offer against
the right buyers at scale for $149 a
month. But, the list comes second
because demand validation comes first.
If you need leads, check out Scraper
City. For cold email coaching, check out
Galen on Gold. And if you want to see my
favorite tools to grow your business, go
to alexberman.com/tools.
The next video is coming up now.
