Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Alex Berman",
  "channel_name": "Alex Berman",
  "video_id": "6CyZzqYzg4Y",
  "title": "How to Get Clients So Fast It Feels ILLEGAL",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CyZzqYzg4Y",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 94,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Waiting to feel qualified is what's
keeping you broke. I've onboarded
operators charging 15,000 a month with
zero credentials and a one-page offer
they wrote in 30 minutes. Here's the
exact method I used to get them there in
under a week. The method I used to get
them there breaks down into three steps.
Three steps, that's it. That's the whole
thing. The demand-first method. Step
one, scout the spend. Go to a job board
tomorrow morning and search for the role
you'd fill as a consultant. If a
company's hiring full-time for it,
they'll bring in a contractor for it,
too. And that salary number tells you
exactly how much yearly value they place
on that function. A consultant who
delivers the same outcome at a fraction
of the salary gets the call. Bonus move,
scan LinkedIn for roles open 90 days or
more because a role that stale is a pain
point disguised as a job posting. Step
two, map your transferable edge. Write
down every job, side project, freelance
gig you've touched in the last 5 years,
and next to each one write the closest
business function it maps to. Someone
who ran social media for a local
restaurant has done content strategy for
a business, and someone who managed the
retail team has done HR and operational
triage. This is easier than you think it
is. Step three, write a one-page offer
before you feel ready. Who you work
with, what problem you solve, what you
deliver, and the outcome they walk away
with. The page has your offer and
nothing else. 23% of Harvard Business
School's class of 2026 were still
jobless 3 months after graduation, up
from 10% just 2 years before. At Chicago
Booth, that number jumped nearly sixfold
to 13.2%.
A friend dropped $200,000 on an MBA and
still couldn't get a meeting with the
companies he wanted to work at.
Meanwhile, a cold email that says, "I
noticed your agency's Clutch profile has
no case studies from the last 18 months.
I help agencies produce two in 30 days
worth a 15-minute call." Books the
meeting. Specific observation, specific
deliverable, and then a clear ask. That
beats an MBA every time. And when I need
to build the list of agencies to send
that pitch to, I pull it from Scraper
City. Filter by niche, location, company
size, and you've got a targeted list in
about 10 minutes. I stalled on my first
pitch for 2 weeks before I just sent it
ugly. This is where 90% of people fail.
This is what I call the qualification
spiral. You take a course, then feel
like you need another course to apply
the first one. You get a certification,
then learn prospects in your niche want
a different one. One client project with
a real outcome replaces years of
credential building because it gives you
a reference and a before and after story
that sells. This week, do four things.
Pick one job board and read five
listings for a role you could
realistically consult on, then map your
experience to business functions. Draft
the one-page offer, then send five cold
messages with a specific observation
about the prospect's business, your
one-line deliverable, and a soft ask.
Skip the credential drops. If you want
to go deeper on building a cold outreach
system that brings in consulting clients
on a regular basis, that's exactly what
we work on inside Galadon Gold. And if
this video helped you out, you know what
to do. If this helped you, drop a like.
Seriously, it helps. If you need leads,
check out Scraper City. For cold email
coaching, check out Galadon Gold. And if
you want to see my favorite tools to
grow your business, go to
alexberman.com/tools.
The next video is coming up now.
