Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Alex Berman",
  "channel_name": "Alex Berman",
  "video_id": "FwIZEX-CjQg",
  "title": "Why I'll NEVER Hire a Sales Rep Again Without This",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwIZEX-CjQg",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 149,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
You hired a sales rep, handed them a
product deck, and a CRM login, and 3
months in, they're still asking
prospects, "So, any questions for me?"
Your system is broken, and I'm going to
fix it before you make the next hire.
So, here is how you hire a sales rep who
actually closes. Let me walk you through
exactly how. Three things you're testing
in a sales interview. First, response
speed. Before the call even happens, how
fast they reply to your job application
tells you how they'll treat prospect
emails. A rep who lets your email sit
for 48 hours will let follow-up sit for
48 hours, too. So, cut them early.
Second, social awareness. You want
somebody in the middle of the
introvert-extrovert spectrum,
comfortable leading, but willing to hand
the conversation back, ask the next
question, and let silence do the work.
Because if they steamroll you in the
interview, they'll steamroll prospects
straight into objections. I've tested
this across multiple industries. Third,
the coachability test. Drop a role play
on them. Tell them you're a prospect
running a 10-person agency struggling
with lead gen, and you want them to run
a short discovery conversation. Let them
go for a few minutes, then stop and give
one piece of specific feedback,
something like, "You went into pitch
mode before you understood my budget
situation. Try again, and hold off on
the solution until I've told you what
I've already tried." Then watch. A
candidate who gets defensive is going to
be a nightmare to manage, but a
candidate who resets and clearly applies
what you just told them, extend the
offer. I've used this exact test on
every sales hire I've made, and the ones
who passed it closed deals, but the ones
I skipped it for cost me months. Once
they're hired, don't spend the first 2
weeks on product features. A rep last
quarter spent 10 days studying every
SKU, and then blanked when a prospect
asked what it would actually do for
them. But if a rep can describe a
buyer's problem with more clarity than
the buyer can, the close almost handles
itself because the prospect thinks,
"This person gets it." And that trust is
worth more than any feature sheet. So,
days 1 through 10, your new rep should
be watching recorded sales calls all
day, not skimming, but watching them
fully. After a big batch of calls, they
start to feel the rhythm of a strong
conversation, where the call stalls, how
a strong close sounds compared to a weak
one. And if you don't have a call
library yet, build one before you bring
anyone on. Get on the phone yourself,
hit record, and run those calls at a
high level because you need that asset
before you need to hire. And that brings
me to my next point. Days 11 through 14,
script work and role play. A script is a
series of prompts lined up so the buyer
talks their way into the answer you're
guiding them to. By day 14, the rep
should run a mock call without notes.
Put them through the coachability test
again, give feedback mid-call, and see
if they adjust on the spot. I had a
sales hire once who used a Notion doc
script, talked about his weekend, and
lost every prospect with let me think
about it. That rep cost me months before
I replaced him. After that, I never let
a rep touch a live call until they could
run the structure smoothly in a role
play. All right, that's enough talking,
let me show you. Here's the C L I P S
framework. C, confirm the context. Start
the call by stating the purpose out
loud. The reason we're on this call is
you wanted to see whether this fits your
situation, is that right? L, lay out
their pain. Say the problem you think
they have before they tell you. Based on
your intake, it sounds like you're
getting leads, but they're not
converting past the first call, is that
close? And when you describe their pain
back to them, something changes because
they lean in. I, investigate past
experience. What have you done to fix
this before, and why didn't it work?
This surfaces the objections early and
gets the prospect to say out loud why
their past attempts failed. P, pitch by
permission. Based on what you've shared,
there are a few things we do that would
hit exactly where you're stuck. Mind if
I walk you through them? Keep it to two
or three points tied directly to the
pains they already mentioned. S, secure
the decision. Based on everything we've
talked about, does it make sense to move
forward today? And then the second S,
smooth objections using their own
reasoning. So if they said their last
solution failed because of weak
follow-through, and now they're pushing
back on price, bring it back. You said
the last thing you tried cost you 3
months and got you nothing. So what's
that worth compared to what we're
talking about here? This right here is
what it's all about. Once your rep is
live, listen to their first five calls.
If they're confirming context at the
start, naming the problem before they
pitch, and pushing toward a decision,
then coaching gets simple. Just
re-onboard them on the structure. But if
you don't have a pipeline ready to
support a hire yet, here's the order.
Build the lead list, run the outbound
yourself, record the calls you close,
then hire. I use Scraper City to pull
targeted prospect lists by industry,
title, and company size. And that's the
starting point before any rep ever picks
up the phone. And if you need to
pressure test your script against people
who've seen it work at scale, that's
what Galadon Gold is built for. If you
need leads, check out Skraper City. For
cold email coaching, check out Galadon
Gold. And if you want to see my favorite
tools to grow your business, go to
alexberman.com/tools.
The next video is coming up now.
