Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Alex Berman",
  "channel_name": "Alex Berman",
  "video_id": "aaa4QYcB1Xc",
  "title": "Why Hard-Working Closers Stay Broke",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaa4QYcB1Xc",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 98,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
A million dollars barely covers a
middle-class life with bigger bills to
panic about. And if a million is the
number you're grinding toward, you're
going to burn out before you ever get
there. And there is something I have
been sitting on about that number. I
need to get something off my chest. I
call it reset and stack. Step one,
reset. Drop the million-dollar target
and figure out what you need to cover
each month. Peter Thiel said anyone
worth 1 to 9 million basically can't
mount a serious legal defense in this
country. Take a million bucks and pull
out 4,200 a month, which barely covers
rent and groceries in any decent city,
and you're broke before 54. There's no
buffer for kids, college, divorce,
medical bills, or a lawsuit. So a
million puts you in the middle class
with a bigger cushion, but the same
worry about every bill. The number where
money stops being a daily problem sits
around eight figures. So write down 10
million as your working target. Step two
is stack. Your income target is whatever
lets you set aside 40% of your gross
paycheck, not after taxes, gross,
pre-tax. So say your monthly gross is
10,000 and you want to bank 4,000. That
means you got to live on 6,000 minus
taxes. In a high-cost city, that doesn't
work, so the target income has to go up.
Maybe 15,000, maybe 20. This is the part
everybody gets wrong. You stop winging
it on calls. 14,000 agencies have come
through Galedon Gold, and I know my
exact number. A wealth management survey
found about two thirds of high-net-worth
households said their main reason for
building wealth was the ability to stop
worrying about money. So when you're
chasing that specific number and someone
hangs up on you Tuesday afternoon, you
don't spiral. You move to the next call
because your target didn't change. Once
you have a number, you stop reacting to
rejection and start executing against
the target. This is the real stuff right
here. I learned this the hard way. Years
ago, I got up two hours early in New
York and by 7:00 a.m. to send cold
emails from a side room before my day
job started, and I built a seven-figure
agency doing that. But early on, I was
grinding toward a fuzzy idea of making
it, and every rejection felt personal.
The day I sat down and put a number on
what freedom costs, the calls felt
different because I was working through
a plan. Write your freedom number where
you see it every morning. So when you
sit down to prospect, that number is
right in front of you. Then every month,
check what percent of gross you saved.
Below 40% means your income needs to go
up, so raise your rates, add a
higher-priced offer, or go after a
different tier of client. If you're
running outbound and you want to land
companies that pay enough to keep your
40% intact, Skyscraper City pulls
targeted B2B prospect data, so you spend
your hours on accounts worth closing
instead of chasing low-budget leads. You
know the number, you know the lever.
Now, go do something with it. That's it,
now go execute on this. Closing more
deals at higher prices is the fastest
path to 10 million because 50,000 a year
puts eight figures out of reach. Push to
200,000 while holding a 40% save rate
and you're accelerating hard since
income growth compounds faster than
frugality. So, figure out your freedom
number right now. The monthly income
that makes 40% savings doable, then
build backward to your close rate, your
average deal size, and how much outbound
you need to run. Every one of those
questions has a number, so go get them.
If you need leads, check out Skyscraper
City. For cold email coaching, check out
Galladon Gold, and if you want to see my
favorite tools to grow your business, go
to alexberman.com/tools.
The next video is coming up now.
