Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "John Rush",
  "company": "SEObot / ListingBott / Unicorn Platform",
  "video_id": "SiRlIMtZygI",
  "title": "He Makes $3M/Year From Tiny AI Tools (Here’s How You Can Too)",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiRlIMtZygI",
  "channel": "Chris Koerner on The Koerner Office Podcast",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
What is the combined revenue of all of your projects? It's a round 3 million. That's incredible. It runs on autopilot. Yes, your bought is doing 1 million ARR. It has been doubling, month or month, 100 and 10. K, a month. Little tool is easy to build in the age of 5 coding. You can build them in one evening. Pretty cool hack. I will show you. It's not a billion dollar a day, but if you're a regular person and you're in a building, a million dollar business, we have so many low hanging fruits. Ah, so good. It's just right in front of our nose. So if people say I don't have an audience, it doesn't matter that's not excuse. What is your go-to tech stack for building all of these tools? If you're like me and find yourself bouncing around from idea to idea and testing all kinds of different concepts, this episode is for you. I found this guy on Twitter named John. He has 24 different projects, mostly websites, and they make him $3 million a year of annual recurring revenue. You know what? Almost all of the things that he's built, or talks about, can be vibe-coded with common AI tools that I talk about on this podcast all the time. So we get super nitty-gritty. He gets very specific on how to find good business ideas, how to validate good business ideas, how to launch them, and how to grow them. What are his favorite AI tools to use? How do he build agents? How do he build agents for himself? And then sell those agents to other people? You don't need employees. You don't need to be a software engineer. You just need to listen to this episode. Please enjoy. You have 24 different products, such projects running right now. And you're trying to automate as much of it as possible. Yeah. Yeah. When I saw AI happening in 2021, actually pretty early before, also the people, I started automating some of the things, or really with GPT2, GPT3, and then in 2022, when they launched 3.5, I felt that the traction they have on model improvements, is so great that I should bet everything on AI becoming really, really strong. And then I thought, if that's the case, if that becomes a future, then I should boost rap, and I should run smaller companies, and I should create suffering for myself by not having people to delegate to so that I have to do everything by myself, from accounting to paperwork, to design, development, growth, marketing, everything I had to do by myself, because in the past I would just hire people for that, and now I did it by myself. And I learned all those crafts and I sold the paints, and I had this ideas for 28-year-old, like what can I do? Like 20% of the work that gives 80% of the result, and I automated that with AI, starring with operations, done with growth, then with development, and with everything. So that was going to my story. And now I'm here with a lot of agents, and I used agents to grow my other agents, so it's kind of the loop happening. So these 24 things are some of the agents that work for you, and then it's also agent that you're reselling to others as well. Well, they all start as my internal agents, and I run them for a long while, so that I'm happy with them myself, and also it's easier to run in projects if you're the only customer, because you can risk, you can move fast and you don't have all the users who complain. That's why I run for a year or two or sometimes three years internally. And then once I kind of like the whole thing and they stable, and I don't iterate that much, then I bring all my friends, because I have a lot of friends who are building startups, and then I launch publicly for everyone to use. So eventually everything I use internally will become public. That's the end goal here. Oh, I love it. You become, you find a problem, you solve it for yourself, you solve it for your friends. If it's still surviving then, because surely some don't make it, then you launch it to the general public. Yeah, yeah, exactly. It sounds easy, but you know, it's the way I quit suffering for myself. It's really hard to replicate, because nobody really wants to suffer that much. Like I have so many transactions, for example, like a lot of product and transactions. And I still do, I count myself. I hate those data when I have to do that. But I have to do that, because then I understand whether the product I'm building, the agent I'm building, is good enough and I can evaluate it. And I think when there were somebody else comes into the game, trying to build the same thing, like they have too much time. Like I don't have time at all. So I'm kind of a typical user of the tool while the other people who build that thing, they would understand accounting really well, and they would kind of have a lot of time to click the button and to use the interface. And I don't have that time. So that's why all my agents are still simple on the surface. And so complicated under the hood, because my vision is that the end goal for every agent is that I turn it on and they live it and it just works as great employee, that self-managed, agent and it asks me when there were it has questions and then goes back to the work. That's an example of one of your agents that just works perfectly but it's very complicated under the hood. Yeah, it's like SEOB, what for example? I think that's one of the best agents I have. So it runs on autopilot. Like I even forget sometimes that it runs for some of my products. But then I get emails from it where it says, this week I've done this. So I built this articles, I built this how-to guides, I built these tools like me and it even built little products that will drive SEO traffic. Then it can also collect all the news and then build some news, letters and things like that. So it does a lot of the work that SEO department would do. It can also ask me whenever it's not confident about things, it would ask me like I have the list of these things and can you help me to pick what's the best from this list. I have 10 items, pick five and then I pick five and then it does the rest of the work. So it's able to involve me when it's necessary. But then when it learns me and it understands what I want, eventually over time I'm involved at all. Like first you're involved every day and then week and then month and now like once a record. What's like training an employee? Yeah, exactly. Like a good employee. Yeah. Are you willing to share revenue numbers or anything like that? Yeah, SEOB is doing one million a.r. I think I shared that before. And crazy, it has been growing. It has been doubling month or month before summer and in summer, the gross stuff. I think it's kind of been 100 and 10. Okay, a month during the summer and now I think it will start growing again as a September. Good. Here was one of the first agent that kind of went into being a real agent because all the other agents, they say they're agents. Yeah, if you go in there, it's kind of a tool that has a lot of AI and you have to sit inside of that tool and use it. So it's just more convenient UX where with my agent from the start, I went the other way around. So it had no buttons at all. It was just turned on. It was a check box. You put it on and it starts. That was the only button I had in the first month. And then I was just adding more because some people ask for certain control and I don't want to lose out on agencies and pro users and they want more control. But I'm kind of not really into it. I think in a long term, I believe that people don't want that much control and recently that much control now is that they have to much time. If you're an employee in the company and you have eight hours a day to do SEO only, you have a lot of time. And you don't want to have a tool that just has one button to turn on and what do you do then? Right? So you don't appear like you're adding in a value. Exactly, exactly. But in fact, you're adding value because you have an experience and you can help the tool once in a while and those little moderations will be crucial because it's the quality of the ideas, wins over the quantity in this case. But people are not ready for that yet. And I took a risk and I went into it early and a lot of people didn't believe that such interface will work but it worked really well and I think it's to want the well-known agents. That's amazing. What is the combined revenue of all of your projects? It's a wrong tree in my land. That's incredible. I mean the 80-20 rules alive and well even in. You can't get rid of the 80-20 rule, right? It's a... Yeah. Like tree products do master the revenue and then everything else brings the rest. But I think it's possible to grow the rest too. But I'm not doing this things in a typical way where I went to maximize the revenue or I want to find the winner and put all my effort into the winner because that's what the lot of people do who run the lot of the startups. That's not my game. In fact, 80% of the people that I watched my YouTube videos are not subscribed to me and most of them think they are. They see them in the feed but they're not subscribed to me. So please, it'll take half a second. Just click subscribe and it would mean autonomy. My game is to build all these agents that play together and then since they have them all I can connect them and that's also cool, right? Because now it's suddenly agent, one agent like I have S.E.A.B.T. and I have another agent that's called Rappify and Rappify builds little tools. It's like vibe going to. And S.E.A.B.T. can call Rappify and ask it to build a tool and send it back. So now I have one agent in asking the, like imagine in your office you have S.E.A.A.B.T. marketer and then you have the developer and it comes. One comes with the other and asks for the for help. And I have that across all my agents and that's why I'm not hurrying up in rowing them. I rather want to have them all running like at 100, maybe a thousand customers so that I have enough people to test to ask questions and to aid the tasks. Not more because when it's more it's a hustle, it's a lot of support, a lot of legacy to support so that's my game now. And you're able to cross all of your projects, right? Like do you do a lot of that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's sometimes that's half of my sales every month for new users, for the new users, half of them come from one tool to the other. That's why when a land one user in any of my tools, like I have some tools they're making like one K a month like very small tools, but at the same time they are so cheap and they have trial and people enter those tools and they might even cancel that tool but you know move over to the other tools. And it's very rare when people leave my universe. So if they enter, they want to use one tool, the other tool would third tool. It's really hard to leave because it's not locking you by this convenient. Yeah. And if you're busy, it's really convenient. So one K a month, MRR, you get from one of your small projects that could be contributing another three K a month MRR, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Because of course, or across seven other projects, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I have so many directories and a lot of people think like why do they build directories? He said that much money there, like muscle and the directories are making one K a month, some make 10 K, but muscle make just one K. I think like directories are so good at driving traffic from people who would otherwise not land on your website. Now with your SEO business, you know, one of the hard parts about SEO, either doing it for yourself or selling it an SEO, SaaS product is how long it can often take to work. How do you manage to turn in that business when people have, you know, they want to meet it results and that's just not common in SEO. Have you been able to overcome that? And if so, how? Well, it's hard, of course, because a lot of people have expectations and then they see some really on-inch in that with a story that they started yesterday and now they have traffic and they expect the same. But I think in my case, I'm trying to build my products in a way that they also educate people on what to expect and what is this because most people who use my products are not professionals. Like professionals usually go for more complicated products because they want to spend their time by using them. And my products are for busy founders to most of my customers or founders who are good at everything a little bit. And I have this system of emails where I take some little KPIs, little like for example, for SEO articles. I send the data every week on what has been done and maybe there's some views because you don't get the clicks right away. But you get views right away, right? Or don't right away. Or they will wick usually, you get views and they send the views and then they send the clicks. There is stuff to send to the user to show that things are happening and that usually works because also it's about the price. If you go for the agency, you pay like 5k or something like that and it's two month after and you don't see the traffic and you feel like you've been scammed. In this case, it costs like $20 a month and it's not like you. You're expecting an instant results for that money. Oh man, that's so good. How long are your customers taking to see SEO results with your product? It's for weeks to month. I think Google has been changing a lot in their algorithm. So like two years ago, you would never see any traffic on your article until like two month, maybe something is three month. And now I think the same goes for weeks. So now in the weeks, you can see views and some clicks. Like two, three weeks. What is your go-to tech stack for building all of these tools? I use a lot of tools. So my main tool that I use for prototyping is lovable or other like bolts or cursor or binserv, but lovable is my favorite. I think for buy coding and I use lovable for prototyping and often I use it to experiment with different ways of building the UI for this product. Once I move past the prototype, I use my own AI coding tool called MARSX because that's where I go for serious stuff where it probably becomes more complicated. So it's only two tools. So first one for MVP, the other one is for full products. What about for automations and other stuff? Like make, I use make, I use Zapier and I use Blindy, AI, so I use old tree. All right. We're like getting, I'm like so intrigued by what you're doing. Should we talk John about you showing us how you find ideas, how you build ideas and how you grow ideas, right? Yeah. Why don't we get into that? All right. I will just share my screen for that. Yeah. So for the ideas, I have this framework that I can made for myself and it was pretty popular in the internet because I think it's very simple. I think the best ideas are the ideas that scratch your own each. So basically you're doing a job and then you have a problem with a job and you want to solve that and you come up with ideas for that for a solution for the problem. That's where I usually do. 99% of my ideas are born that way and then you have some other options for finding ideas and usually my second option is to see that people are asking for something and then see whether a lot of people ask for it and then build that. So I will just show how I do both and for example for soaker. Like if I want to figure out what people are asking, I do pretty cool hack. I will show you. So I go to Google and I do this. So website and builder that. So you do this and you see that that's the code that doesn't use AI that accepts payments. That export I'm out. That's interesting. People want that and actually know a guy who built a website builder that can do that if it can big. So any can do further like website builder for. Yeah, we see the audience. It can be small business, photographs, artists, that's interesting. We're assuming this is ranked by like search volume. Oh yeah, exactly. And if you see it here it means a lot of people search for it. You have the next step here where you can take this into the keyword research and validate for example, website builder for artists and now we can go into the keyword research. And we can see how much traffic is going there. Yeah, so here we see around 10K, this is there's a month which is not a lot. But if you look for it, you have this one. You have this one. So you have a lot of request which are also and for the same thing and they're all such 10K, 10K, 10K, so in total it's probably 100K now. So it's pretty good traffic. And also you can see ways out people search for and you can sort them based on the monthly searches and now you see how people frame it because that's also important and you can see that they frame it in basically. That's a builder for artists and now you can probably count with the domain idea which could be. In this case it's probably too long like website builders for artists. But in often cases you could just find a keyword that turns into the idea like I have this. I've been playing with the other keyword now and it's text heaven. So I just tested it now before this call and it's a 100K searches. It's a lot of searches. It's low computation. It means that people don't really place ads for this keywords and that's a very high value keyword. Right? Yeah. Well, they're searching that keyword. Yeah, like people are willing to save money. It means that you can earn money with others or they're trying to save money. And then you can go and test this. All the ideas here. So you first find them on Google and then you see you make a list. So I usually play with it for an hour. I make a list in the Excel for like 50 or 60 ideas and then I bring them back into the keyword research tool and then I see their traffic and they have a picture what you should work on. Because if you don't do that, then you can in the dark and you have no idea. Yeah, yeah, you're guessing. And the problem with guessing is that it's like in in stock market world. And when they were you guess usually you're doing something wrong because that's how our mind works. Like the intuition, they were helps in this case. I would take this step further, John. I would like, so what if you're only listening to this, what we're looking at is just the auto complete on google.com website builder for. And from the top to bottom it goes small business free photographers portfolio artists, nonprofits. You can go to the keyword tool in the artist example. There were 92 keywords that had over a hundred thousand searches per month. Cool. I would do that for like the top 10 small business artists, whatever. And then I would go to perplexity and I would have a prompt that says, all I want to know, I want to grid. I want to know how many website builders are there that specialize in being for artists. Like not a square space, not a wix. It needs to be a niche website builder that is for artists. I need to know how many there are. And then on the second column, I need to see what's their estimated monthly traffic using similar web or something else. Right. Run a deep research prompt on all 10 of those website builder for x, y, or z. You get a table, you put in google sheets. And then you take the search volume and how competitive it is and put it in column c and d. And then you can clearly see not only where is the search volume, but how much demand is there for each. And then you can easily sort and say, oh, yeah, this one has the most demand and the least supply I'm going to build here. Yeah, and the thing here is that it's very often such ideas are not really heavily targeted, but anyone because it's small niche. And if you're a VC back company, it's still a little for you. Like it's not a billion dollar a day, right? But if you're a regular person and you're in a build a million dollar business, that's on the market, right? And that's why like we're now living in a world where we have so many low hanging fruits like that, because the VC back world, surprisingly, is all going after the same ideas, because they have to matter the market and that's super important. And all these other ideas are just unserved. And they're a lot of them. And I see now a huge movement where, you know, sole printers and the makers and a lot of the people are just targeting this. That's so good. It's like it's just right in front of our nose. It's just Google. Yeah, but it's like a prompt. It's like a Google prompt, right? And looking at it. Right away. Yeah. And so I do that. And my next step is usually to validate again. So basically, when I build something and trying to convince myself that they shouldn't build it, like you should, in a behavior that way, because if you try to connect it by us just to be exactly, yeah, if you're in love with your idea, down you will do the opposite. Whenever you see the data, you will, you know, interpret the data in a, in a wrong way, you will think that, well, it's not that bad. It's not that bad. Yeah. Yeah. But you should try to kill your idea, because there are so many ideas. You're other killer. You know, 20 of them and 21st works out. And then you don't waste time building it, right? Because building it takes a lot of time. So then my next step is usually I go to my unicre platform and you can go into any other vibe coding tool, but I recommend to use like, website builders for websites rather than vibe coding tools, because the website builders are made for landing pages. And they have good SEO optimization and things like that. So go for a framework, unicorn, vap flow, don't go for a lovable or bottled or others for this, because they're made for apps, right, for where you have the user login and things like that, because you have mixed those things. I think this is really important. Like you have landing pages and you have your web app and for landing pages, use landing page builder. So I usually go here and then I kind of pick a way list. So because I have to build a product yet. So I just pick a way, it was simple way, list for example, this one. And then I go for create and then I say website builder for our this. Yeah, and it will just build little landing page with a way, at least. Now. Yeah, it has to be super simple. Like your goal here is to just see whether anyone is willing to put their name or like here's put a number. I don't need that. So I just remove it. Yeah, name and email is an off for me. So that's it. So now I have my landing page show it to potential customers and see normally don't want to join with lists, because it's silly, but still, if you show it to 20 people, at least one person would join because sent people our curves and they wouldn't get to know about this once you'll launch. So it's it still works. Like you're going to lose a lot of the people who other ways would sign up if you had the product. But right now, our goal is to understand whether people are willing to put any effort into consuming your product and this is good enough. Okay, so you're starting a business, but your logo looks like it was made in Microsoft Paint. You're not a designer and hiring one costs a fortune. Well, at least for a good one, this is exactly why design dot com exists. It's an AI powered logo maker that creates thousands of professional logos in seconds just from your business name alone. Starting a pickleball club trade school, white labeled SAS, it doesn't matter. It can handle anything. This is the world's largest logo library here with handcrafted designs that are exclusive to design dot com and it has 4.8 stars on trust pilot solid. What's really cool is once you've got your logo, design dot com will automatically create you a business cards, social media posts, even websites using your exact colors and branding. Basically, you've now got a whole design team in your back pocket and a really good one at that. Right now, you can get up to 88% off your first logo that's not a typo, 88% off if you use my link, but only for your first one. So don't sleep on this head to design dot com slash Chris Kerner because your business deserves a real logo, not some clip art. So I share this on social media on Reddit, on reply. So I search on social media for people that's talking about this question. Yeah, yeah, or sometimes not even asking about the question. Like, scientists, you can be a bit more if you can't find the actual questions, you can find the right people. So like in this case, these are musicians and you can just search for anything around musicians and software. That's in half the web set builder. You can be something else, right? You can search for that and then you can reply the year and it's not exactly unpiant, but it's not that far. It works pretty well if you do like 20 or 30 replies like that and then you do DMs to the same people and then you may be find their emails and same cult emails. So eventually if you do 100 actions towards a cult outrachian and cult replies, you will see either zero signups for your wait list. And if it's zero, it's a good sign. It means that you know, it's not that important of a problem for people. So they don't care that much. It's good. Yeah, if you get zero, if you get 100, it's good because you're learning and you don't want to waste time on a project that nobody wants. Yeah, yeah, exactly. But if there's one or 10 or five, then you have an answer where like if it's 10, then it means people really want it. And sometimes you actually hit the right spot and a lot of people say not because that doesn't exist and people all want it. And then they say not, I had that. I was going to say, do you have any examples of that happening to you? Yeah. So I had a case with when I build that hunt. So that hunt isn't similar to the product hand before death tolls. And I just shared a tweet where I said that I want to build this new launch pod only for developers because product hunt doesn't serve developers as it serves the marketers. And even 100 people sign up for this, I will build it. And I hit 100 people signing up. And people were actually sharing the link to their friends telling them, hey, come out. Because they want to support this. They want to help you because they want to use it. They want to reach the 100 marks because they build it. Right? So they want to help themself actually. Not me. Yeah. And that's the best thing here. Right? So and I did it every time. So basically all my products even before I build them for myself. I still can't have test them on public using this methods because I know I'm not building something that I will never be able to launch to the public. And which really well. So I do it through social media. And I'm kind of found a way to do through social media even before I had followers. Now I have a lot of followers. But in the past I had almost none. And I still found a way because the interesting stuff about social media is that right now they don't really respect the follower count as they didn't pass. So if your content is interesting, they will show it to a few people. And if they find it interesting, they will show it to more people. And eventually you can blow up even without followers. So you should try that. You should always try that. And you should test. You could test it for messages on your launch tweet. But even if that doesn't work, you can also do ads. You can send paid traffic to your tool. And paid traffic works too sometimes. In the past I was using Google and Meta for that. But as with everything else, end up building my own tool for that. That kind of does it for me? Has there ever been a time when all of your indicators were shouting, yes, yes, launched this. And then you did this research stage or you actually launched it. And it just did not hit. And if so, why do you think that happened? No, that never happened. Really had the opposite. I had the opposite. Where everything sad that the idea is bad. Like, there were no sign-ups and all my friends were saying that this is a bad idea. But when I launched it, it worked out. So I had the opposite. But if I get the validation true, this matters that you show. I go for the last step actually. There's one more step that's just to make sure 100% is going to work. I ask for pre-booking. So I give people 70% or 90% discount if they buy now. And surprisingly, I had cases where a lot of people sign up for a tool, a lot of people. But nobody wanted to pay. Because you know, why it happens? It happens because sometimes you hit certain audience, for example, students, they would be sign-up for the thing. And you would think, wow, a lot of people, thousands of them. But then you asked them for a dollar. And they said, well, when I pay, because they used to, you're finding things for free. And you never know because you have no idea, you have some emails in your list. And you have no idea who are those people. That's what if you ask for a payment. And you don't get at least 10% off your wakeless to, you know, execute it. It means that you want to be easier after. And I had a case like that. If I put up a landing page for a $20 month tool that people are signing up for. And they showed demand for. And then you launch it. And less than 10% of people actually pay for the thing. It's not a good sign. It's not a good sign. It's a very bad sign. Because it means that you're missing the whole thing. You're not selling to the right audience. And that's a big problem. Because it's not something you can just change because if you go after another audience, it's a new game. You have to, maybe all these traffic you sew on keyword research was from the wrong audience. And you don't know that because it's just numbers. And that's kind of the problem. Like you get excited about something. Because there's an interest, but it's wrong people. And you can't, like now you have to kill the idea because most likely the right people don't search for it. What if you're just priced too high? Like it is the right audience. 7% of people buy it. And it would be higher if you were priced at $9 a month instead of 19. How do you know when that's the case or do you? Yeah. You offer them at least count. Let's say even with the discount. Like it's normally at 49 and you're offering it for 19 or nine. Right? Let's say that is the case. They will tell you. So you offer them at least count and they tell, well, you know, that price will work if that was one time. But I want to pay every month because this tool doesn't look like a tool. I should pay every month for example. I had cases like that. For example, I have list and bought where it lists you on the records. And first I want to launch it as monthly subscription. But people said that why should I pay every month? You just kind of do the work once for me. And that's it. You can talk to people and usually if they walk through your products as where they they join your weight list and you pitch them the discount and pre-booking they would usually not all of them. Some of them will tell you back that it's too expensive or it's wrong pricing. It should be once or the opposite. It should be once. It should be every month because I had the opposite too. I had this tool called Count visits for analytics and I went for lifetime though there. And people said that I don't want to pay $100 at once because maybe I don't like the tool after all. So I rather start with $9. But they told me and I changed things. Like if you do this, imagine if I put just my payment link like everybody else does then if people don't want it they just leave. You have no idea why they don't want it but if you get them into your weight list and then after a while you send them the payment then you're sending it through the email. So you have the the threat on the email with them and they will answer. There's okay so much I want to ask. All right so you can validate with paydads so if people say I don't have an audience doesn't matter that's not excuse A the algorithm rewards good content whether you have zero followers or a million. B you can use paydads to skip the line. What other tools you use to validate demand and have there ever been a time where the opposite's happened and you never launched something because your tools just told you it wasn't there and you think that you you avoided a failure by doing so. I haven't had cases where I can't let go of one idea because usually my first task for the idea is whether I want it myself or not and I never go on if I don't want it and if I want it then I still want it even if others don't want it right but now I have to figure out why I want it and others don't and it takes time for me sometimes like I could put the project on haul for for a year just because I wanted to slip on it and eventually I ask people and ask people and ask people and my intuition tells me also I do one thing that's not common like people usually go for SEO traffic pretty late so because it's a long playing game and you shouldn't start with it because it will play back on entry month right and you should start with something else at first but in my case since I have so many products and they're all not pressing me on time I have all all the time in the world I usually start SEO work on the day one in that case I can just post the product and wait for a few month and then come back and see whether there is traffic from SEO and that's interesting so SEO traffic is a new source of validation because you know one thing that you have to also validate with a product is not just if people want it but also if you're able to drive traffic there like you may build something that everybody wants but then it doesn't mean that you will find you will win the attention of the people that so that they know about the product and and a lot of people don't understand that that's even more important because I rarely see people who then manage to build a product that people want it it's funny I've made the same mistake of spending months and years saying yeah just I don't do SEO because it takes so long to pay off one year later yeah I just don't really do SEO because it takes so long to pay off one year later you would have just done it any of those times it would be paying off I now when it comes to converting a percentage of your wait list how much does time play a role because if you collect a wait list on August 1st and then you don't launch the thing until April 1st you're going to convert a lot lower percentage right because it's less relevant less top of mind how quickly do you like to launch things after you start getting emails from a wait list I it's not important at all so I felt that's important when it was running my first products and I felt like the time was pressing and people are waiting and all these things but basically in the start world if you can do something once you can repeat it right like if you're able to drive 100 people into your wait list this week you can repeat that next year too unless you're building something that's about Christmas and they only work on Christmas right but if there's no stuff like that you can repeat that again and that's why like you shouldn't really think about your first wait listers as real users like I hope it doesn't sound lame but you're kind of using those yeah they're valid yeah exactly and they don't put that much effort into helping you to validate too right and once you validate it you can you know come back in the year and maybe all of these 100 people are not interested anymore because they were founders and now they went back for a full time jobs for example but it doesn't matter you just do the same thing again and then you have hot wait listers and then you go on with them that's why like I I would rather be worried about me doing things on the right time but then like for example like you said about that's how like if you don't do it early then you know after a year you think you should have done it a year ago and so it's compounding and you should do it as early as possible but for some things you can do it at any time and then we do it and then all fine yeah so here's the work so basically I give it my URL so it does the analysis and then it will erines the audience the keywords and here it found all the keywords that will try traffic and they have low competition and it made a plan for the next articles so now if I click proceed and I pay it will just you know start working and every day will pause on article and I come back in two months is this web based or is it in that yeah yeah it's web it just looks like it's web yeah I think SEO was probably my chit cut in the beginning like now a lot of people use it but in the past only which startups use it and that was the only poor founder who who is doing SEO because I had the tool that I built myself but but I think it's like for people who want to test a lot of ideas like three four five six this is one of the best way to test it you just gonna invest a little time into SEO for all the site is and you'll leave them hanging for a few months and you come back and you see and you'll clearly see the difference maybe you won't have you traffic but you will see this some you're also get zero traffic it means that no way can can pit like with some keywords no they're like which people paying a lot of money and you can never win that and with other keywords surprisingly you win easily and you get a lot of traffic and you can grow on that and it's sometimes easier to just test whether by building the articles than actually doing this you know long keyword research stuff and because the keyword research as I told earlier you never know who is clicking that which is also dangerous like you might see some numbers but maybe those are wrong people but if you drive traffic into your blog you can have little banners within your articles with the waitlist so that's kind of another way to test your waitlist you just put them banner and it says by the way if you want to try this website builder for artists leave your email and we'll not not to fire you and that's another way because you will see someday they tell it now with this is does it integrate with like web flow and other webbusters so you can publish these articles without having to touch it yeah yeah it just syncs with frame your web flow WordPress everything so you basically never have to come back if you don't want it it will try to nag you and bring you back to to help but if you ignore it it will just like like an employee who will ask you questions and if you don't answer it they will just go and and do as they think they should do it right oh man that is so cool quick question what if there were a private community out there of people that were building businesses based on this podcast well I just made it and it's only for business starters and business builders it's called TK owners and it's basically like having me and 100 other business geniuses as your business partner also there's going to be exclusive new trends growth hack business ideas and a database of everything I've ever talked about you'll find thousands of startup case studies you'll have weekly ask me anything's with me while I'll answer your questions directly you can join now at tkowners.com link in the show notes okay so we've talked about validating well we've talked about ideating validating what about growing yes so the growth part in my world comes from a social media social media is the best way to grow for small products right now the best part about social media is that it's not just the people you bring directly from social media but also the people who learn about you social media and start talking about you start including you into their blog posts their new letters they're the records so basically if you begin popular on social media you get so much attention of everywhere and all the other people become your marketers for free like influencers start talking about your tool and you don't have the paper so I think like whenever you start working growth you should try social media and see whether you have talent for it if you have talent maybe that's the only thing you should do because the app side of social media is bigger than everything else I think you will get a social traffic by doing social media because your product will become popular people will put on their lists and the records and you'll get back links and that's why you'll get traffic back so you universal and the other thing is SEO as I just talk so you should make sure that you have enough back things you should grow your demonstrating by having back links and you should generate articles or write them yourself or use any of the tools available for that and a lot of people think that that's complicated they should outsource that to agencies and stuff like that I think if you have money you should because they will do good job but it doesn't take that much time I think spending one hour a day in one month you can have decent output from your SEO efforts and then number three is partners affiliate partners so you should sign up for something like told or first promoter where you're able to create this portal so that your partners could sign up there get unique links and a code and they could promote your product and earn money and you should be really really generous on the commission like a lot of people have this like 10% or 15% you should be crazy generous like go 50% like if you don't have costs on your product go for 50% if you have your online costs maybe go for 25-30 and then you'll see people actually you know promoting your product I have a lot of people promoting it and it's one of the best investments I made so that's the number three the partners who promote your product for for the commission number four is we should place your product in front of the people where we want what where we can it has to be everywhere on the records, loanch but it's forums, reddits and social media you should find all possible conversations on quora and other places where people talk about it and place it there so that's really important two reasons so number one reason people may just stumble upon your product there and become your customer but number two which is even more important at a lamp's crawl those websites and they crawl those comments and those articles and those listicles and then they may actually add that into their training data and then they will reply when you're product when you blast and that's really big like I have some of my products that suddenly just blew up because they were in the training set for the latest LLMs and now I have like almost all traffic coming from chaggipiti and in all the others because I think they all used the same training set like you was surprisingly you know simultaneously when I got the traffic from chaggipiti and cloud and grog on the same week so I think they're buying the training that data from somebody interested from the same person from the same company yeah so and then number five you can build little tools that are free to drive traffic to those tools and then you channel the same people into your paid tool like if you're running website builder for artists maybe you should build a little tool which is like a cover generator for your album that's kind of probably good keyword right because they just leave magnet yeah exactly and they would go there they would generate their album they would enter their email to receive the png in the good quality and in the email in the bottom you would say like by the way here's also my other product, check it out if you want and the chance that people will click is really high because they were satisfied with your first product because that's the difference like when you're cold presenting when people see your runner for first time they don't trust you because they see things all the time but now they trust you because they like your product so get them these five are my favorite ways to grow what to start and then you can add a lot more but I think these five bring like 80% of the growth what do you think about directories in the age of AI is it still a great opportunity there yeah yeah I think so because like directories that are made by people who have influence will be really big it's just like if you go to instagram and an influencer has a list of anything car influencer has a list of car shops or tierers or things like that you're going to trust that and you will be willing to follow those links and buy that and share it to your friends right and I think the same way they happen with AI like AI is now in a place where it has so much information it doesn't know how to pick the right one like Google in the old world try to use the number of incoming links as a way to run the websites right but it's so easy to game that and now AI systems don't know how to run the websites they're just using the same system Google is using and that's easy to game and over time I think AI will like we'll see that they start using a Reddit now and when they use Reddit they also take the articles with certain amount of upboats right so they want to filter out trash and I think the directories are going to help humans to filter out trash and like in every category there will be so many items that how do you choose the right one and directories can help with that and special directories made by people who have social media influence I think that's kind of the mix here and so there's not an opportunity to partner with people that have influence right because most people listening or watching or not influencers right that we can all slide into their DMs and plant that idea in them because they're certainly not thinking along these lines like hey you like plant like they say uh invent the disease and sell the cure right hey I see that you have this list of all these things like you really think that directories are going to become more relevant than ever in the age of AI just so happens I can help you with that let's talk about splitting up this business somehow yeah I mean that's exactly my model man but I do the other way around you know partnering app with people who own attention to build a product around the attention is great and you can do not only directories but you can also do a little products little tools you know little tools are easy to build in the age of five coding you can build them in one week evening so now how do we compete like we can all build that same little uh coverage generator for the artist but if that coverage generator is built by 50 cent or mnm or there is some connection there then it's different thing it stands out from all the others right and if we make a wild gas that AI will make it easy to do everything if that's the gas or most of the things then there will difficult to compete because everything is the same as good as the other things right and now you can compete through reputation and the reputation can be either built by yourself which is also not a bad idea because like we're not influencers all right when you say influencer you'll think about somebody huge with millions of followers but if it pick something really small like like something we're only you know 10,000 people are interested in this in the whole world probably there's nobody talking about that and if you just start talking about that that'll be enough to go viral within that little group right that's one way but the other way is of course to find the influencer I think both are possible I wouldn't say that if you're not influencer you shouldn't even try I think you should just redefine what's influencer and it can be something very small oh that's so good John thank you this was awesome where can people find you and your products and whatever you make I'm on Twitter and LinkedIn and stepstack I love to be helpful with my products I love to be helpful with my content that I hear on x is John Rush x I love to be helpful with advice so I think I'm probably the only person with too many followers who on support every single DM I ever received and every single reply if there was a question of course because there's a lot of spam and I think I will stop doing that by the end of this year because it's overwhelming but I will still do that for the next three months so people need help I'm open my DMs are open okay thank you thank you all right would you think please share it with a friend and we'll see you next time on the corner office
