Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "John Rush",
  "company": "SEObot / ListingBott / Unicorn Platform",
  "video_id": "TlE_CJMnP6c",
  "title": "How I Built My $3.5M AI Empire Without VC Money (Stripe Screenshare)",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlE_CJMnP6c",
  "channel": "Top Founders with Nathan Latka",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
Yes, I'm doing around 3.5 million ARR now with all these agents and I started. I launched the first one a bit more than a year ago. So this is as SSEO bought the biggest revenue owner? Yeah, this one is doing almost 120 KMR now and been doubling months over month off for the launch. And how many folks are on the team working on SSEO bought? It's just me and one more person. Are you open to screen sharing your stripe account and showing us the tiny ads growth just from 0 to 5K? Yeah, of course. Hey folks, my guest today is John Rush and he is building all kinds of tools in the SSEO space. He's updated on all the latest AI tactics, whether it's a genetic work flows or anything like that. Really, really prolific on X as well. And one of his posts caught my eye where he basically showed a screenshot of one of his agents getting a job on a job board. He's specifically listing bot paid 499 bucks to do a SEO job that someone named Caleb Pepper put together for their start up firecrawl dev. So I want to talk to John about how he's building these agents, how much revenue he's doing, how he's growing. It's just how he's thinking about building 20 plus startups all at one time. John, you ready to take us to the top? Yeah, so I'm all in building AI agents and I think I bet everything on the future of AI agents. And I think the future is founders plus AI agents and that will be the new normal. They will be the new corporations run by very few people in some cases like in my case, almost no people and the AI. That's wild. So your bio here, I run the most automated org on earth using AI agents that you build like the unicorn platform index, Russia, or listing bot, SEO bot, tiny ads, etc. We're going to jump into all of these today. But John, I don't want to bury the lead. Can you share anything from a growth perspective or your comfort sharing, sort of how much revenue all these things do together? Yeah. Yes, I'm doing around 3.5 million AR now with all these agents and I started. I launched the first one a bit more than a year ago. So before that I was in the trenches, just experimenting and building stuff. So several of them making the most of the revenue, like SEO bot, listing bot, unicorn platform. And few others are counting for most of the revenue and the other products are either free or they're just starting out. So this is as SEO bot the biggest revenue owner? Yeah, this one is doing almost 120 KM or R now and been doubling months over month offered the launch. So it's doing really, really well. And I think it has done a really good job at making the whole AI agent on autopilot popular on Twitter at least. Hmm. Now this is fastening. So 120 KM month right now on revenue, you're charging 19 bucks a month. When did you launch the platform? It was a bit more than a year ago. So I launched in the internal beta for like six months with people I know and they've been using it for six month. And after that I launched for the public around 12 months ago or maybe 14 months ago. Okay, so maybe like like April, February of 2024. Yeah, that's when it was kind of public until that I had six months off close better where I would invite people to try it. And how many folks are on the team working on SEO bot? It's just me and one more person. So all my teams are the same. It's me who comes up with idea and who builds usually the first MVP and tests out and does the pre-sale and and I do and builds up the UX and everything and then I find a co-maker usually on Twitter or in my network who joins in to build the thing. And we build it together. So the other person is building and I'm promoting and then I help him to build. He helps me to promote. So he's kind of a team of people. Yeah. Yeah, that's you in Vitala. I can't see you. Yeah. Yeah, just two people can access. Can I ask, what do you do? Do you just split equity 50, 50 or how do you have that conversation? Yeah, 50, 50. Yeah, exactly. So it's 50, 50 split just like your co-founders and they start up and he's with CT and I'm CEO. But we do a lot of things together too. This is what? So I love how you're building. You're obviously building in public. This does vary. These kind of screenshots obviously do very well on Twitter. Actually you see them all here, which is great. Are you using testemonylo.io for this wall of love? No, I think this one is from Sngia. Just a competitor. Spel that. Sngia. Like as, yeah, exactly. Okay, okay. Sngia. Okay, cool. All right. So you've got this great wall of love going here. Okay, so help us understand your price points, 19 bucks a month. And so I guess so what is that? 120,000 divided by 19. Does that mean what you've got six, six thousand paying customers? But less than that because we have 49, we have one 99, we have 499. So we have a lot more inside there. And right now I'm seeing a lot of people moving for higher tiers and higher plans. And we haven't even started working with bigger customers. But the end goal here is to go off course for the bigger customers. So I usually start with smaller check just that my first customers are the builders because they like to build product for builders first because they give me good feedback and they actually become part of my product team. And once I get to a place where they love it, then I increase the price and then it goes more for teams and we see funded companies and corporations. Okay, so sorry. How many customers do you have today about? I think it's like 5k or 4k. But it made me four. I'm 4k. Yeah. That's great. It's driving like this obviously does all the selling for you. Getting your users to tag you and post a screenshot of their growth. Is this all happening organically or are you sort of softly prompting folks, hey, you should put a screenshot up to us, you're crushing it. Yeah. So surprisingly I have never asked anyone to do that. And I think if they did that, I would maybe 10x my revenue over a few months. So people do it on their own and it's just, I spend time to listen to the users and have chats going on with a lot of the users. I don't think anyone on earth has more chats than me. I think I have almost like 1,000 chats going on with users. And they love it because I listen directly and I come back with fixes and improvements. And usually that makes them loyal and then they become like ambassadors of their product. That makes tons of sense. So it's just two of you guys building us. So that's really high revenue and perum, fully, right, $60,000 per month and revenue, per and perum, or $700,000 or $700,000 a year in revenue, perum, fully. Walk us through. And you mentioned what's growth strategy here? I mean, is it really just almost purely social? I mean, are you going to go into your back end here? Are you running your own SEO play for SEO bot? Yeah. So basically, I have a very simple strategy. So number one, I show everybody how the tool is helping myself. And so in case of SEO bot, I use it for all my other products. And then I share the results and that helps a lot both the products I share the results for and those I used. Then I do a lot of SEO using SEO bot list in bot and index or index pressure. That brings around 30% of my traffic. And the other 30% comes as cross promo. So all the tools are targeting the same audience. And if somebody joins one of my products as a customer, then they end up using all of my other products eventually. So that's like a big chunk of the growth of 30% SEO, 30% cross promo and 30% social media, where I build in public and other people share that they use my product too. So just come from social media and 10% is all that other things. All this one. Here's an example of you using your own dog food, right? You launched your own SEO tool, LM models.org, you grew up from zero to this many clicks per month and you're saying, hey, I use SEO. I use my own tools to do this. Yeah, exactly. And I do a lot of products. So since I keep doing 0 to 1 over and over again, then I can re-ture it on down again. So I'm not sharing the same product. The same thing over and over again. So I start new product from zero and in a month I get somewhere and I use my own tools and then when it works, they share and it brings for users. Mm-hmm. This is great. Okay, so that's the story of SEO, but you said the next biggest tool that you run in terms of revenue is listing, but yeah, a listing, but is very simple tool. So it does only two things. So one part of the tool is the research it does on the internet to find all the bad directories for a particular product. And it's really hard work because you want to find everything on the internet and then you want to rank it by the relevance and the main rating and so on. And the other thing it does is actually list you there. So it's an automation that registers on the directory and asks your product there and does all they form, filling and so on. John, this is crazy. Are there really 10,000 directories that people can apply to? Oh, they're more actually. This is hard work. Number. A lot more than that. I think this from a year ago, so now a lot more. I would say that every month we add at least 500 new directories into database. And when they say directories, people think this typical AI directories, but in fact, there are a lot of directors in the world for niche products too, for e-commerce stores, for mobile apps, for patch shops, like there are a lot of directories there. I think there are 100,000 directors in the world. And probably we have around 20K of them now and my goal to find them all and also there are new directories popping up every day so we can find them to you. And Gary control sharing revenue here. Yeah, so this one is doing over 50K a month and it's one time payment. It's basically 1,000 people buying it every month. Wow. Okay, so 1,000 people got it. So there's no recurring thing. You have to get new new new job, like new buyers every month. Exactly. And this is very interesting. Like when you started that, everybody said that you must have recurring plans and it just worked. And it's actually wasn't an experiment where I have one time payment and also I have struggling. So you have to pay first to see the next step. It's really high bar. I think like very tiny number of people actually go through this and even that brings quite a lot of users. And I'm launching the version 2 very soon where it'll be lower bar where you can actually pay $50 a month and get 20 directors listed every month. And then I entered this wide regain. But my goal was to start just like Tesla start with Roadster like expensive car. Really good service in my case. Making right now it's expensive but it's really good because I have the AI stuff working on. But also I have actual people who review everything and then is just really good job at the end. And the next step is to reduce the human labor there and have it fully autonomous and drop the price and let people to moderate the whole thing themselves but pay less. Yeah, I know is this. Are you building this when yourself or give a co-founder here as well? Yeah, this one is just me but I have a so I bought myself but I have a co-founder who is doing all the moderation work. So a guy who just watches the AI do the thing and then corrects all the mistakes and make sure there are hallucinations and things like that. That's cool and do you do 5050 split there as well or is he more like a paid contractor? Yeah, it's not 5050. So it's also split but not 5050. It's like 90 to high sea. I see you're 90 he's 10. Yeah. Are you a Warren Buffett, Mark Leonard kind of guy? You you build and hold forever or is the goal here to build these? Sell them then do it again build it and sell them build and sell. No, I hold it forever. So I only buy I don't sell and because I don't see any reason to sell in my case every product is not just a product itself but also it's a part of my ecosystem where it drives people into my other tools. So even if the product is not doing that well, it's not a problem for me. Like I have some products for example I have a few products that are doing people are not moving from free to pay to here basically I'm not making money out there but people still discover my other tools from those products and I'm happy because it's still a good market for me. I have like 25 or 35 directories right now like a lot of them and also them make no revenue. Some of them do pretty good but most of them don't but they drive traffic to all my other tools so I'm happy to keep them and they don't sell because I actually want to end up having this full ecosystem where I have every single tool that a typical busy founder or like a booster founder would ever need starting from tools for building products, tools for operating, tools for growing and tools for monetizing. So the whole stack that's my end game here. I'm really interesting. I'm just trying to get us into your background here so I can understand like your DNA, your genes right so you were in look at UI UX QA here. Yeah. I started the computer science and AI and then UX so my first 10 years were in VC back companies so I started selling VC back companies as a CTO with other golf founders in Norway and they went to ask some from so you go to 500 startups to ultimate so I've been and this typical VC back game for 10 years and at the end basically I felt like my whole game is to serve investors and to chase the exits where I really wanted is to serve my users and chase like a legacy so chase generational company where it will be there even after me and that's why I made a pivot from VC back world into the booster world where I'm my own boss and I don't have to optimize for exit or for the next round. I just own the whole thing. I have good profits. I use profits to fund myself so now that's my life so basically some products are making pretty good money I use that to build the next products and just spinning around the same blueprint. It's tiny ads you're company as well. Yeah this is my latest product really cool one so so far I've been only doing organic growth or non-paid growth and every time I try to pay growth using Google or Facebook it never worked so I built my own ad network for B2B for small B2B startups just so that I could actually spend money on growth and it worked really well so now after 35 days we reach 5k in marar and 10k in revenue and almost 1000 publishers have joined the platform to serve the ads so that's going really well are you can I put on are you open to screen sharing your stripe account and showing us the tiny ads growth just from 0 to 5k yeah of course let's go this is going to be great people people love seeing the proof behind the story you know what I mean yeah so guys this is this is I think just to get some context while John's bringing that up I think this is the future I mean he's got a holding company I believe he caught Mars right Mars X dot dev john yeah yep is this holding is his holding company's building all these tools for himself right he's generating profit you use Mars X dot dev and all these this basically microbs concept these are all I will show you how I build it using more of that okay so I will take the order to screen over to you yeah let me stop sharing all right to make sure I don't sure any emails of the people yeah don't don't click don't click customers yes but there's your n marar grab there you can see so hover over that z dot where was it you can see it this way yeah so we started like where is it I launched that on April 15th so exactly month ago and then it went like up up up yeah that's awesome you know it was like crazy because everybody sat like you're crazy launching an ad network that's not right for big guys but you know I had I had people telling me that everything I do not gonna work ever because like you know in 2022 I was building AI according to like Mars X is it the AI coding tool and people sat like developers will never switch because there's the S code and everybody gonna use the S code for the next decades and now we're in the world where everybody's using something else for that right yeah look look all these all these all these yeah by the by the way if you have listing bought like we love to and stripe SEO about listing but we love to see the growth on those two if you're comfortable sharing those and stripe but I mean guys to John's point just now I actually think the ad space is very interesting because Google has an innovator still on my right they're gonna have to cannibalize their ad revenue to go make sure that you know the LM search in the chat function stays with Google versus chat to be to winning that space and if that's the case tools like what John's building like new creative ways to do ads there's gonna be a big big big market for that if Google takes a step back there so eager to see how tiny ads grows over time John yeah I mean I think like one thing people don't realize that the whole game the Google is playing is basically running on a lot of VC money because people are fine in the VC world to spend $10 and get back $5 right and but in my case I actually I thought like why should be that way what why can't we make a system where where you pay $1 and you get to back and also the other side makes money on that and I thought and people said like no the the math work like somebody has to lose I'm like why like you serve the ads you get paid the other side just pays for the traffic there's you get more I will share some more stuff just give me yeah I mean while you're loading that we're seeing very creative new ad networks right I mean you look at what Tyler's done at B-hive right where you substitute to a newsletter and then at the end of the first subscription it recommends three other newsletters and those other new other newsletters pay per new subscriber right as you're growing like so these new like tiny ads be high there's all these new creative ad networks I think they're gonna pop off exactly exactly all right what are we looking at so this is SEO bought and so I have two channels one is destripe and one is the enterprise but the voices so I have here like most of the revenues here actually like over 100k a month yeah yeah how well do you have do you have the MRR graph here if you scroll down a little bit and start I saw credits so basically the way it works is that people pay for people load the whole thing with credits and they spend credits on the articles I see I see so the reason we see the dip there is because that month is it's that's the month may I 16th it's only halfway done yeah yeah so it basically reached around 100k that's my system basically the way I just I start I get to fifth to k then it pose then it come back I get to 100k then I pose and go to other tools and I basically don't want to go farther than 100k because then it becomes a product that will require me to work a lot on the product because now we have to move up on the audience you have to move up to more series clients to enterprise clients they want demacalls and they want no spend your time and I don't want that so I want to have like fully as a sink and then I come back once I know how I can automate that part so that I can go farther like for example two battle next now and as we all bought for me one is support so it's a lot of support because it's a lot of customers and they can't connect their CMS and everything just falls apart all the time with those CMS so I want to ultimately support part on building support agent that will not just answer like all the others but it will act it will try to fix the problem and get into the database and change things and get the whole fix done for you and because now like almost 80% of our time go for support so we're building anything you we're not I'm not marketing we're just doing support and once we fix that we're going to go to the next because otherwise we just can't free our hands and that will show you so we'll hold them before we leave here can you scroll down a little bit so we can see the y axis on the gross volume chart the bottom axis the x axis the time stamps it's cut off on my screen can you just scroll down a bit yeah there we go okay got it so you get going and all this scroll farther because there are emails of the customers no no you're good you're good you're good we'll click you more under gross under gross volume click you more on that graph then it will just show that graph actually you see to be more yeah that way there's no risk of us hitting a sensitive customer information oh but that exactly it exactly the opposite happened I open in the other top so you brought me to the list of customers oh don't you with email okay and I'm sharing a not sharing stripe tell us about Mars but he's Mars is Mars holding the holding company or yeah so I show I'll show you Mars she sure this time so it's an interesting story so it all started with me in 2020 where I want to build this ecosystem of hundred tools and run it with almost no people so I have this vision from the store that was my go because I knew that I love building stuff and I knew that I want to do it on my own terms with no VC funding it means I have to be efficient so we're looking at it here on my screen right yeah exactly so number one step there in my game plan was to build a eye coding tool that will simplify the whole building process for me because I have to build hundred products and just for that you need thousands of people right and back then even more so my first job was to build that so I spent like two three years building it just myself while I had my other VC back start up running and I was running that too but this was my healthy project basically in the weekends and evenings and by 2022 I built the first version that was working and then I started using Mars X to build all my next products using Mars X so that's kind of makes a lot so first I built the SaaS producing tool and then I built this SaaS tools using this yeah very cool well hey look as we wrap up are you game to critique my SEO for five minutes and give me some live feedback yeah sure all right so let's do this we're going to do it for for for get lack right so this is when I record podcasts interviews like this right and then I come list the companies on my site with all the audio data that you just gave right so the CEO say we do a million of revenue okay boom that's a million of revenue and our SEO strategy here john is we know that we rank really really well many times the number one spot for the keyword combination so programmatic SEO of company name plus the word revenue because our data source is the audio yeah really good strong data source however you can see here over to like notion revenue for example right 12 hundred clicks 18 k impressions you see what's happening here though right which is like we used to get 4,000 organic clicks per day on those impressions and now with AI results we're showing up in more impressions 190 k a day but our clicks have gone down by about 50% on average per day right are you seeing this across a lot of your tools yeah yeah so basically as a I made it easier to enter the game there are so many more people playing SEO game prepared to the year or two it goes so now it's much harder to win traffic but at the same time I think what you're doing is pretty cool and actually I so your website when I was searching for the revenue of these companies some other stuff and and we have this yeah yeah you have this reports so like first time I landed on your side from reports where it was like wide or we reported but something so I think yeah yeah yeah it was really report there's a lot we do we do thousands of reports but like where I'm struggling is we're trying to figure out so like okay this is this is the page for state peer revenue and so like what I do John like once a once a week is I'll go and open up all the LMS and I'll just say something like hey what is ZAPEIR's revenue because this is the new home but you're the internet right so I ask I just ask every LMS what's the APR's revenue and I want to see how many of them site get LAC now like I don't understand how all these work but I imagine a lot of these are using content that they scraped when they launched the models like eight you know eight months ago so they're not going to have our most up to date date on get LAC right well not any more so now almost all of the LMS use live search so most of them use being search but being just closing down their APA now by the way but until they do it if you're presented on a bank first page then you'll be presented in most of the LMS too because almost everybody who's using LMS now uses LMS with the internet search enabled and that's why like in the old days you would have to be in the training set but now you don't have to be in training set so now basically the SEO game is also LMS game at the same time yes yeah well this is what confuses me like we dominate in proplexity you can see our logo we come up number one right and we get a lot like people click and they see my interview is weighed right and it's great data we've also structured all of this in a way so that the LMS can easily read it right that's how they rebuild these charts sort of inside the the results here so we get like a ton of ton of clicks from this but what's interesting here is if I go back into like quad right and we look at the sources here like we're not we're not it's like they don't even see us we're not excited at all or sorry we're excited number two that's not bad right but I think yeah but they don't but they don't think to it here like no one's gonna click the no one's gonna actually click that drop and they're gonna hover over these and if we don't get quoted here we're not gonna get traffic from cloud for that key word yeah that's true but I think as he is a long time game and I think you should bet on one and then that all at a length will end up searching in from that before they produce any results and they will end up searching in a very similar way so basically as long so if you think that Google is the best search on the internet and everybody's trying to be like Google some use Google some are building their own engines like that similar to Google I think just focusing on being on top of Google in the long term will actually so old other problems maybe in the short term this is interesting yeah it's interesting though right but it's like Xavier revenue right if you put this in here okay I got it okay interesting so tap twice revenue is now on that top spot where in the seconds about so like maybe that's why they recently changed but what like I don't understand is like like if you come in here like this is clearly like an SEOed article like it's really not but like we have it's the backlinks so the anchor tags that's used in the search you have to take that text and add backlinks to your URL even that exact how do you know but how do you know that they have more backlinks than we do I guess if you actually test this URL for backlinks now decide but exactly the URL you will see the anchors and the backlinks mm mm yeah I don't know let me see here let me just do the main website tap twice digital I guess where I see look they have such a low domain rating of 28 this is what I don't understand we we have better for some of the gamers they appear revenue would you rather look at a blog post like this or actual interview where the sources CEOs voice like see we can actually have better data but we're getting our butts kicked by some these other tools that just like aggregate the data you know and I need to get out of the backlinks so basically even of upside would really pour the main rating can have high rating on a specific page and the page rating is more important than the domain rating because Google actually looks at the page rating first how do I look up the page rating in a trust you like do I just type in that full page like this yeah yeah but see like there's not like this shows up almost with like yeah it's it's this you are I guess that's the URL rating but I would say that like it's so it's so bad compared to us I wouldn't trust this data but guess most likely that's something they done recently and it's not shown here because there's new cans Google would bring it to the top there were no a lot of backlinks on the same search where you just put the air coming from other web like look at ours look at our page compared to what we just saw like 72 domain rating 24 backlinks like see that's what I don't understand but we're getting less organic traffic now so your URL rating is 12 right and I think oh that's the worst part of the URL yeah in this well that matters for Google right because no when when Google is trying to present something the way it thinks is that if somebody has linked to this URL from other blog there is a zero I think it's just lack of data on HREF's for their website and they have to wait off to my for example my websites a lot of them have almost nothing on HREF's and the reality is different so you think it's back you don't think you don't think you don't think it's how they structure this like how they structure in the bullet points the H1 tags the charts the graphs you don't think it's the actual structure of the HTML here I think you might help but I've done what I'm telling now myself so few times I sew somebody on top of me on Google search results and I just pick the query and I did this backlinks to the URL with anchor tags and eventually I took the number one spot so that works definitely and that's that's the most typical series work you can do on SER is to take page by page and just try to win against competitors using backlinks to that exact page so you could try that like do they experiment so take this page and you see this like how funny is this I asked why it didn't use this is Google Gemini right and it said well actually we used tap twice digital which itself cited get LACA right so how you know like we are the source of the data yet we don't get the traffic value and it even says I'm giving it like a credit yeah that's interesting it's kind of funny isn't it look we don't know the answer to this is a quick moving space but like I guess do you have any advice you should try just enjoy you should try that so just try to get 10 backlinks so like what was it search where you did it was your revenue yeah yeah so take that text and create backlinks to your URL where the text says exactly can I submit it to your can I submit it to your director and you'll go get me a bunch of Zapier revenue backlinks yeah yeah that's possible yeah I guess the tricky part about that is like we have we have 35 thousand of these pages yeah so do I go get backlinks for each page just one by one over and over well the best thing to do is to have like your own website like the whole network of websites and ultimately support because you you're doing problematic sale as hell and then you could ultimately that part too but also do have enough in the links like do link thanks to each other like like how do you like what do you what do you mean like do you have links to this Zapier revenue within your own blog and website like any yeah like if you go to SaaS like SaaS database here like this page is going to link directly to the yeah but that page won't be seen by Google because it's not static it's dynamic yeah so you have to make sure you actually make sure it's creating more blog posts where inside of these blog posts we link back to that company profile page yeah you should go crazy with links so it's almost impossible just to make it wrong like it's better to have more links than last links as long as those are internal links and they see your blog now and it has almost no links and you should try to link to everything you have internally you know sometimes you can even link words like if you have if you say Zapier in any of your blog just link to that page about the revenue and then you'll have hundreds of those links and that works really well yeah so links often beat like now where do you link like scroll out there was the Zapier now well this is a different like this is a different one but like you can see here it's using the same format as that as this one right you get the sense like they all start to look the same right which is just like a big summary of stuff and they all cite me they all cite get lack of but get lack is not getting the traffic yeah I guess they do no follow link to you most likely yeah interesting interesting so what do you so that's your biggest recommendation is if you're back in show up in the comments get back links focus focus on the you are rating here yeah because you have really good website you have really good content and I think you can ten X your clicks you have really good impressions but you're you're everywhere not on the top you're like on the first page of a lot of the queries but not on top it means you have good content because the way to get to the top of the Google like first hand is by having a good content because Google tries to evaluate your content but to get to the top you have to have this precise anchor links leading to your URL both internally and externally from other websites and from your own website yeah very cool well look this was a ton of fun I feel like I just got like deep deep into your brain they're going through this so if people want to learn more about you they can obviously go to listing bot.com then go to SEO bot they can follow you on Twitter anything else you want to shout out yeah I mean I'm I'm I'm want the most often founder on X like I think I share something every day and I'm trying to share things which are useful for people so that they can apply that about growth about building stuff about idea team and also how to start from zero so and the way I learned things in the past was by following people on Twitter and with what they say and a lot of people now are asking me like how can they start how again start learning build you know this startup thing and I'm like you have to follow the people and just get into their brains like see how they act see how they think see how they reason and then you'll start doing the same so that's my guys it's well I say very have a genre she was working for a bunch of vc's before then said you know what I'm going to build my own studio of startups of our 24th day the biggest one is SEO bot doing $120,000 a month and revenue very profitable only two people on the team so $2,000 and revenue per employee 30% of that growth is coming from SEO 30% from cross promotions 30% from social media his second biggest tool listing bot he owns 90% of 50k of MRR and it's not SaaS it's a one time payment but a thousand new buyers are coming in every single month he's built a programmatic way to keep launching great new tools with really smart SEO strategies in this new age of AI check them out on x john rush thanks for taking us to the top
