Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "John Rush",
  "company": "SEObot / ListingBott / Unicorn Platform",
  "video_id": "V_lemYU_kcU",
  "title": "He Built 26 AI Products in 3 Years (No VCs, $3M ARR) | John Rush",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_lemYU_kcU",
  "channel": "Angel Poon",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
Are you at a point where you reach financial freedom? How do you aggregate the news and deliver it in a way that is quick for people to digest and also valuable? What would be the five steps to execution? Hey everyone, I'm sure there are people out there like me who are building cool stuff with AI who would love to get paid for it. So in today's podcast, I invited John Rush. He's a zero entrepreneur who's done over 26 plus AI powered projects in the past three years serving close to a million users. Some of you might have even came across him before on X where he has close to 100K followers. I wanted to chat with him to learn more about how he built a life that is financially free and on his own terms using AI. If you're interested in AI entrepreneurship or learning how to launch successful products fast without big budgets, this episode is for you. So let's get started. John, so great to meet you. Thank you for being here. Can you give a quick intro about yourself who you are and what you do to the audience who might not have come across you yet? Thanks for having me. I started building startups 20 years ago when I was a kid and then I studied computer science in Norway. I started building startups in Oslo 10 years of building VC back startups. I learned a lot but the main thing I learned is that I don't like building VC back startups. So I put it into building self funded and bootstrap startups. The key reason was that I wanted to please the user not the investors. So in 2020 I started building bootstrap startups. I started building in public on X and putting every day things I built things I learned and things I have learned so far. So it's been three years journey. I built over 20 tools. A lot of AI agents, no code tools, the directories, published a lot of content. And it's all on the mission to help VC founders build software ideally for solo founders who use my tools and other AI tools. They can build the whole business on their own or with a small team. So that's where I am. So roughly how many users do all your startups combined have? How many people are you serving? Yes, almost a million people now. So I have a unicorn platform which is the biggest way to come to users. You have 600,000 users here and then all the other products combined have like 400,000. So it's almost a million people. Wow, that's really cool. And you said that you usually do this on your own right by yourself, not VC backed. Yeah, so can you invent it in a new way of building startups where you don't need a lot of capital? Where I just find an idea from my own work, then I share that idea on social media and if the idea finds good attention and people actually resonate with it and they are interested in me building the idea. Then I go on and build very simple MVP usually myself using no code tools or vibe code tools or sometimes I just don't even build a tool. I do the job myself. Like I'm the tool and then I sell that to around 10 people to validate whether people are willing to pay for that or not. If they are paying for that then I deliver the service and then I look back where they want to pay for that more if they like the service if they want to share with friends and set for it. And if all of it happens and people love the tool, they want to pay for it, they want to bring friends. Then I go around usually on Twitter or in my friend circle and I find someone who is good at building stuff and a pitch day to that person and I invite a person to be my co-maker where we split 5050. I'm doing the product distribution and the other co-maker is doing the coding and support and then we're two person team. That said we hire a normal people until we hit at least 50k mr and only then we probably hire some people. So most of my products are just me plus one person I don't need all our capital because I don't pay myself. I don't pay to the co-maker so we just split the revenues for profits and we have no costs except paying for AI usage but usually when we pay for AI it means we have users and profits and revenues. Wow I love that model. It's really innovative but it makes so much sense if you don't want to be busy backed and you want to bootstrap your way across. Tell me about the build in public concept when did you start doing it. The past few years it's gained a lot of popularity tell us about what are the challenges that comes with it but also what are some of the benefits that comes with building in public. It's not new it's been there for over 10 years but it became really popular like two or three years ago it became popular because the cost of customer acquisition became so high that a lot of these feedback store types and corporations realize that the attention is expensive now and is hard to buy that on Google Adwords and other ads social media is where all the attention is. The building public model works in a way that you build your product and share everything that's happening like all the good things all the bad things the process even before you launch even before you start. You usually can start building and probably before you have an idea and that's interesting to watch is almost like a reality show. And while you share that and build your product you're building an audience and people start knowing about your product by the time you'll launch your product you have a lot of people looking for the launch so they try the product and also they're they're loyal because they've been watching you doing the whole thing in front of them so they're not that. And they're helping you out basically and and I saw that happening I watched a couple of people build products from zero to like 20 came around and it looks so cool because. It looked like a joy it looked like they were having fun but at the same time building the product and the marketing was a by product of you sharing your own process so there's no extra special marketing you have to do on top of it it's just marketing that's organic. When I saw that I felt like why do you do it in a wrong way should try this way because this is so user oriented you start with the user before you have a product that's perfect so I gave it a try in 2023. I launched my first product which was S. I about using this model and it went pretty popular so now it's used by so many people and then I did the same with second tool third tool fourth tool fifth tools so now I'm doing. 20 26 project in three years I think and my latest one called Taniads it's like little at network they're also building public and just in in 50 days it's now has crossed 10k revenue so. The model works really really well and the more you use it the better it works I think that takes some sort of an extra to build in public to write would you say so or does it not matter can anybody do it or does it take some. Special personality to make it happen. You know I think it's actually the opposite because the people who are extroverted they are usually. Quite crazy about overselling things they talk too much and people are used to them selling things to them so like all the sales people and more people are the extrovert. And and the world has seen that for a long time that's why whenever people see a shy introverted developer who's building stuff and presenting that's in a really clung away where you even feel sorry for the person. For it not knowing how to present stuff but you know that's so authentic a lot of people who watch are also like that a lot of people who are builders they're also shot and see somebody who's as shy as them. Doing that stuff in sparse or a lot of people and it's interesting to watch but we're in the world now where people don't want to see perfect stuff anymore you don't want to watch the perfect music we there or the perfect song. Is the opposite you want to see something that's imperfect and this is the imperfect way of building a business. Both are possible we have people who are doing really great at building a public or extroverts but I think most of the people who are doing great and build public are introverts. And what advice can you give them when they get negative comments because I'm doing YouTube now sometimes I can't make it if comments. I'm not going to look at you but sometimes you can't help but think about it a little bit. I had this starter story yesterday on YouTube and some comments were great but it's not worth so bad that you want to raise them from your memory because it's making it feel bad. You have to learn that and go to a platform where people are positive don't go to YouTube first because YouTube is really tough. There are no personas there people are anonymous same on Reddit don't go to Reddit and you go there only when you're big start with acts because if you joined this building public. People are also building in public so they don't want to criticize you because then you're going to go back and criticize them everybody's pretty nice. Yeah, yeah. I have very few bad comments on Twitter for the exact same content if I bring it to Reddit or YouTube. That's different story sometimes is only bad comments but people either support you or say nothing. What about LinkedIn because I actually first came across you on LinkedIn instead of actually LinkedIn what kind of platform do you think it is. It was really boring until recently when they copied all the algorithm things from Twitter so now it's interesting the feed is interesting and it's really hard to go viral by doing something boring now you have to be interesting. Some people take it to the edge and put cringe content there but still it's fun and entertaining. They are very similar right now and as time goes along I think they're more and more similar I think at some point there will be almost the same when it comes to the algorithm. Two years ago I would have to take me content and report as it's for LinkedIn and now I don't do that it's just the same thing goes to both in most cases and it works so you don't have to do an extra kind of stuff for LinkedIn or other way around. I would recommend to go to both platforms. Play things good because people are being seen by their employers and partners. So people are usually nice similar to act so go for both. But I also hear people saying that you should focus. Sometimes I read online forums there like you should focus on one platform before moving on to the next platform. What's your view or take care of? Yeah that's true I've done that so before we get to 4K followers that was my rule you go on one platform only growing on a platform isn't just about the content. It's also about your engagement if you tweet something you have to be there to reply. If you have a lot of platforms you'll probably have no time to reply everywhere. So you have to share your content your reply and then you go and reply under other people content so that you create some connection and next time when you tweet they will probably reply under your tweet. So you have to create this if social currents where you give first and then you get back because if people see you pouring good replies under their tweets that add value to the original content. They will reply under your tweet if they say it. That's why go for one platform first get somewhere to 4K or maybe 5K followers and then go everywhere. Like all time platforms. Stop stack, link everything else. Why did you have this number of 4K 5K? Is that some sort of a sign of product market fit? Yeah. When I scroll my feed it was like 2 years ago now I think you have to have 10K. But 2 years ago, not people who were popular they had at least 4K followers. And that's how I just look at 20 most popular people in my niche. The smallest profile had 4K followers. That's where I have to go. Oh I see that's really interesting. Maybe now you can show us some of the things that you build so people can get a taste of what you are able to do without any VC backing. Yeah. So I have this tool called Unicard platform which I build for building websites and the lecturers. Building products today is so much easier than it was 5 years ago. You don't have to raise money to hire developers and spend one year building stuff. Everything that's not crazy rocket science can be built today by a non-technical person using no code tools or vibe coding tools. And I use them heavily. So in this example I want to build it directory of AI tools. And I'm using my own Unicard platform where I prompt it with the go directory with tools group by the audience. The weight. What's the use to make it? Did you use like cursor on the platform? It's called Unicard platform. Yeah. You can use it like frame or buffalo like almost all bad builders. Now you can build stuff real quick. You don't have to hire designers. You can just do things yourself. That's important because all of you will still think they have to find co-founder or they have to hire someone. They have to spend money now. You can do 100% of things yourself until some point. At least the MB stage should be your own. So then I build this tool or this directory of AI top tools. So I'll just run you through my typical flow of how I build the directory. And directory is a type of product that's easy to build. And I always recommend people to start with the directory or other simple products first. It's like in any sport or music you start by doing something simple first. And then you practice that and you go forward. Sam and business don't start building Apple right away. Maybe you'll build Apple. Let's start with something easy. Even Steve Jobs didn't start with Apple. His first project was something simple. So this is the directory and you build really quick using any no-co tool that has AI in it. I do use a lot of other tools for growth. I'm using my own list and bought which is an VAP agent. And VAP agent is a really cool thing. People have to explore, try and adopt. So web agents are the AI agents that control your browser. And they can do pretty much everything that you can do on a browser. Waste lower of course because they have to take screenshot of your screen and then you know, iterate on that. But they can do things like filling out forms, finding information, booking calls, booking tables, buying tickets. Like everything that you can do on a browser. If there's anything repetitive that you don't want to keep doing, because it takes your time and you have to do it day over day. You could just ultimately end up with VAP agents. You save a lot of hours and they don't have to hire people for that. And listing files. So here's the such agent right. Listen, bought is an example of an agent that finds all places on internet. Where your product can be relevant. And it lists you there. So it registers there and then it adds your product there. So that it can be found by the audience of that place. It's its forums or directories or anywhere where it's allowed to submit a product. How many directories have you built in the past? I think now at least 35. How do people figure out which directories they should build? Like what audience? How do people figure that out? You have to build the directory based on things you understand. Because the whole point of the directory is that you are the expert. On a certain topic, for example, you know everything about motorcycles. And you're a big phone of motorcycles. And then you build the directory where you put all the motorcycles. And you build the motorcycles and existing world into groups. Add some filters and you make it really easy to find a motorcycle. For somebody else who is not as expert as you. Right. So the whole point of the directory is that you know stuff better than everyone else. And put all the information about this topic into one place. And you make it sortable and easy to filter and search. And then people share that because in any niche when people find something that's just made for this niche. It goes viral within the niche really quick. I see. Like in my case, it's AI tools. And I know AI tools so well. I try them every day, almost all of them. It was easy for me to put them together and sort them in a way, or they're going to get way, run them and get way because they're at a lot of tools doing the same thing. And which one should you use since I try them a lot, I build them a lot. It's easy for me to evaluate that. I save your time. You can come here and find the tool and just use it. It's spending hours searching yourself. And people can still find directory in one day right with AI in the hours. Exactly. It takes me one evening to build, but you have to improve it over time. You have to add more information, more items. But you can get started much faster than anything else you can imagine. I run this agent that lists me on all forums and directories everywhere. And then my next step is I go for my other agent called SEOBot, which generates blog articles on autopilot. Because it takes a lot of time to write content on article. It can take one day by any hundreds of them because it's a game of numbers. Yeah, exactly. You can make three or four articles, but maybe you're unlucky and a Google never even index them. You can use SEOBot or other tools like that. Or you can go for or charge a BT and ask it to generate the articles and then just copy paste the text into your CMS. Both models work and it's cheaper to do that because usually the dip, sick and grok are either free or really cheap. But if you don't want to spend time coping and pacing and figuring out what articles to build, you can use tools like SEOBot or any other to like that that does it for you. So this is an example of pure AI agent where you give it your URL. And that's it. It does everything for you. It creates all the articles, it sends them to my CMS. So I'm just watching. So it's an autopilot that said I just never touch it again. Do you use any tools like make or any and or any of those no code automation platforms? Yeah, I use them and eight make and disappear a lot for work flows. For example, for refunds that if I get an email where people ask me for a refund, the message goes to his up here and then the LLAM tries to understand what messages that's so basically all messages go there and then LLAM understand this is about refund for certain product. Then it checks my database. If that user is real using the email and then if it finds the user and the user is on their first month on the first 30 days then it just refunds the home money no questions us. So I'm not even involved in that case. If the user has been using the tool for a long while now it's not clear what to do like should be refund for months or for six months or whatever so that it just for a long time. Just forwards the email back to me saying that this is a complicated case, but here's information about the case and super easy to build this work flows. Super easy. Do you have more is that teachful how to do that? You don't even need a course. These tools are so easy to use. They have a I that helps you build the automations to you can explain the AI what you want and it will build the whole workflow for you. Of course you have to connect certain things with each other, but yeah that's the easy way to build AI workflows. Yeah, so this is the essay about the next step for me is usually to scrape the information in the pre-AI world scraping content what's complicated because you would have to manually do a lot of work to build the scrapers. Now, AI can look at the web websites and find the information it has to find. I'm building the directory data using this AI scraper so I just provide it with all the email all the URLs and it goes to every URL. Studies the project and pulls in all the information it needs and creates CSV file that I bring back to my CMS that's how the whole day to create it. In the past, I would have to hire somebody on artwork, give them the job and then they would have to check what they have done. They would usually try to chip me and do great job for first item and then they would just do some shit is stuff. It wasn't expensive it was just complicated. They have to hire somebody, test them, maybe they're good, maybe they're not. And now with AI things are so much easier, AI can build the list and enrich the list by browsing the internet for you and finding pricing of this product, finding the features, the advantages and disadvantages and things like that. That's time saving and then the next product I have is the ad agent, pretty cool thing that I also built myself basically when you have directory at some point you have to monetize it and to monetize it you have to reach out to people and pitch them your directory you have to tell them that look I have directory I have traffic I have audience you want to pay so that I put your sponsor banner somewhere on the top or anywhere. That's a lot of work and people did that work because how else will you find your sponsors like sponsor what find you unless you're huge right and when you're small or medium site they will not find you and then I build this tiny ads that does before you so basically you install it and then it will find sponsors and advertisers for your directory or anything. How does it reach out to is it like cold email or does it go to specific platforms to do that? So when you come in with a certain product then it understands that this product is about cars for example and then it tries to find everybody on the internet who is interested in being shown on your product and then defines their emails and their social media accounts and then tries to outreach them and and pull them in so that they will advertise on your platform and it finds a lot of them and then who to make the hall process you don't even have to deal with them this system finds them and let's them place their ads on your platform and you just get the money. I see and of all startups ideas that you have how many of the 26 are powered by AI? I think all of them have AI in some form for example some of them are purely AI. Like the list and bot is mostly AI because AI is used to find the records, AI is used to run the web agents to fill out the forms. Then they have unicrime plots from where it's a traditional CMS but also it has AI that helps you as a copilot that simplifies the whole UX usage for you. So I would say all my tools are AI powered and some of them are heavily AI powered. So the AI is an example where there is no interface like you turn on and you don't even have the buttons it just does the whole thing for you. My dream is to have all my tools which is one button where you turn on that's that's my dream because I'm the user of my own tools the key reason I built them is that I don't want to spend time doing things I'm super lazy I don't want to do stuff. And I want to build tools that do things for me and that's what I don't build tools with buttons and interfaces I want to build tools with one button. And it's possible it's hard but it's possible. The 26 startups that you've made and they're all done within the past three years. Yeah, before this I would build one thing at a time because when you're VC backed you have to focus because investors will not fund you if you're building a lot of things. But when I start building things on my own terms self funding and boost dropping then nobody could stop me so if I get new idea after this part I will just build that so I have no system so I can't with ideas randomly usually out of my own frustration. So I have frustration with something and they want to improve that for myself I do that and when I'm happy I launch it. Are you at a point where you feel you reach financial freedom with your 26 projects? Oh yeah yeah long time ago because my costs are really low I don't pay salaries and also at the same time I have so many products so that I have no risks if something happens and tomorrow open a I or anyone else. I have to ship something crazy that makes startups obsolete some of them and two of my startups die because that's out of the box from ChaggipyT I don't really care that much because I have other startups. So it's not just a freedom but also I'm not stressed I could be making a lot of money with one product how it would be stressed with the news and everything what if competitors take the market and I think it's kind of the future I see more and more founders now. I'm going to find that route where they built many small tools with a goal of having a large organization that owns a lot of small and medium sized tools. Where are you based now where are you located? In the Istanbul it's south Europe perfect place so anywhere. I haven't done any trip for work in the last three years when I was VC back I would have to travel to conferences board meetings, portar meetings all those things now it's truly freedom people don't understand how complicated areas to run the big VC back company so it's kind of your company your CEO but you know you have a lot of people you have to please and a lot of people have control over your company. And a lot of people have control over your time and over things you do or your strategy over the way you talk on the internet even and in my case it's pure freedom. I don't consider my job as a job so I feel like I'm just doing my hobby I'm having fun it's hard of course I don't sleep that much and it's a lot of work but I really enjoyed. Why don't you sleep much? Because I launch products and then I kind of hope that they will not go crazy too fast at the same time I want them to go crazy fast because you want users and when that happens you have more work than you anticipate it like now I have great traction with tiny ads and because of that there's a lot to do a lot of backstuff things a lot of support tickets to unsubscribe. New features to build and I want to keep them momentum going so if I don't do it fast then things will cool down I have to run fast and that's why I don't sleep that much because I want to do more faster but I could sleep more. I take days off and tell myself it's alright I don't have to grow that fast I can grow slower and often that works out just fine there's no crisis because I don't have a goal of going to build in the company with each company so that's why I'm not really having a farmer like if you're running VC back company then you have this tree or time frame and you have to make it to build in or die in three years and that's why you can't do it. I'm pretty relaxed I'm so excited that I have the users on the product that I don't want to go to sleep I want to build more. I think that's pretty much the whole flow where I build my stuff with a I drive traffic to my stuff with a I and then I monetize it with a I so a I is used everywhere I think my angle probably way the end of these year. I will have a system that allows me doing like now I think 75% of my work is automated 75% to 80% and I think by the end of this year it will be 90% and by the end of next year it will be 95% and that's my goal so that the only job that for me. It's a creative part where coming up with ideas and then giving the guidance to my AI agents just like if I had a lot of people and they were super brilliant yeah they could work 24 seven and the only job I have is to just tell them what to do that that could be perfect world right but they cost a lot. I have so many people as your employees and now we have very cost efficient AI agents they can do everything for you. I'm going to ask you now about your story because I'm actually kind of interested in what shapes your personality what's your background like how did you come to this and how did you have the courage to do your own thing and do. I have six projects in three years what prompted you to have that level of energy that level of determination so maybe tell us a little bit about your story and then share some tips for people who are watching. What are the key skills and key traits that they should have in this AI driven world what do they need to do to get ahead I'm curious your thoughts in that in your story. Yeah so it all started when I was little and my parents were entrepreneurs every day I would see them doing the business they will leave for a job and come back in the evening with money and. On the sofa and watch TV show so they would just do the whole job at home and produce stuff at home everything happened at home basically they had no office the home was the office. I would just watch what they do I sold and working super hard and I wanted to help so I started helping them out early I was eight years old when I started helping them out. I was playing around I played a lot but also helped a lot by the age of 14 I felt like I want to do the same I don't want to pursue the path of me going to study I'm going to the green going for a job battery job like you know it's not so boring and also like a freedom so I wanted to be entrepreneur because I saw my parents being entrepreneurs and I tried that a little bit with them and I like that so from the age of 14 I started building my own startups. And ever since so now I'm there is like so it's 22 years long journey I was lucky because I learned computer science. And that happened randomly so. But then having computer science to scale help me to build startups. So I think if I would give advice to people today. I would say that you have to have. Search and skill that's that's your superpower like you have to figure out what you can get really good at the world works in a way that you have to be generalist you have to know a lot of things but there has to be one thing that you know better than the rest reason why you are the ones doing this project for example you. So design so well and you build design system or you like in my case I knew. Decoding so well that my first projects were around developers eventually I knew business so well because I built so many products. And also they're failed but I so old the paint you have while you build a product right so in 15 years almost everything failed. But that was actually good playground for me to learn what are the typical problems in the business so that I could go and build products for people like me so that's why my advice for people would be that try to get great it's something. And if you think that you're not great at anything that's just you haven't tried enough because there are a lot of things you can do and it would do things everywhere the houses doing. Like when I was doing computer science when I was little that was not so popular it was actually unpopular people were doing law and economics and now everybody's doing computer science. Maybe that's not the best thing to do because it's everybody's doing maybe go and do biology or chemistry or agriculture like get great it's something like that. And then learn old other things in a lightweight way and then find this intersection of the thing you know really really well and technology. I really agree with that I guess maybe can we dive deeper into I know you said that maybe you haven't tried enough but when you were young did you try a bunch of things before coming across to computer science. Yeah yeah I did so I tried sports I tried music I tried building airplanes I tried everything that I could try yeah and I was lucky that I was so bored. But because now it's hard to be bored when I was little there was no internet so the TV was boring so I had bored them and I would just look for things to do and kept trying things. Today is really hard because you know YouTube and things like that occupy your attention. I'm happy that I was born many years ago and not now I'm happy that I'm not a teenager now because it's really hard and I think as a teenager today if you manage to control your attention. And to not fall for cheap dopamine from social media and things like that I think your 10 step ahead that everybody else like that you're on the path to success already if you manage that because it's so hard. What's something that your parents taught you in terms of their entrepreneurship is there something that always stuck with you like that you always have to work hard what is one learning from your parents that you've gathered. It's interesting so they would work so hard and I felt so bad for them that now my key job is to make sure that you don't have to work so hard if you're on business. I learned that you have to automate. You have to automate. It was a big pain that I'm obsessed with automation and when I built staff like a lot of people think they're building automation but when you see my staff it's like my goes one button and that's pure automation right there's no job at all you just click and it works and I think there are very few people in the world who think that way. And even those who built software that they call an automation that is not really an automation compared to my software. So I think that that was like the pain that shaped my personality. Can we talk about your system? I'm really curious still like how you divide your time. How do you make sure you set up a system so you can automate everything. You design the system. What's your framework for approaching your weekly or monthly annually. Teach me how you set your goals so then you get to where you want to be. It's very unusual so it will be very different from what you heard before. I have no system. Do you use project management software documents plans or anything like that? I believe that you have to use your memory for everything because your memory is the best way to prioritize things. If you put into your memory 10 tasks for a product and the next day you only remember two. It means that those two tasks deserve to be implemented and the other a done the reason you forgot about them is that people didn't complain enough about that. Or it was not important enough. That's perfect because the thing about building products is that you start everything is great and quickly. The whole thing becomes mass and you have a lot of work to do your roadmap is huge. Your to do this is huge and you're just drowning in work and trying to prioritize things is really hard everything seems important. In my case, I solve that by not making the list and just by remembering stuff if I still remember it. I work on it. But I use some tools still. I use this cord where I have a channel per product where me and the comaker talk. So that's the only place where there is communication. Yeah, and the content gets saved so you can scroll back to the history and see what we talk about. So I make a channel and we just talk about stuff and we build stuff and iterate using that chat and that's pretty much it. And also I don't do things. So I'm productive by not doing a lot of things. I don't do project management. I don't have to create documents. I don't do calls only chats because it feels like it's really quick call. It takes a 15 minutes by then a small chat that you end up having an hour call and you just talk about one thing. So I use chats for that and simple language. If people sent me an email, I never reply. I just reply with short messages and people appreciate that because it's all text read. Exactly. I think I've never seen anyone say you're too rude by replaying with a short message to my log message. And I don't do a lot of work on design. In the beginning of the product my log-a comes out of chatjipity or just stock log-a library. I don't waste time on things that are not important at this stage because your website when you just launch is invisible. Nobody knows about it. Nobody going to know about it. The only people who will come to your website are those who send the website to. And if you send your website to someone, most likely you have all the sold idea. So they don't care about your website. They just want to enter your product. So it means that your website is practically useless until some point when your product is big and your website is shared. And people run them with click it and end up there. They have under send what's happening. That's why I usually go with a template. It takes me five minutes to create first landing page that's it. And I know people who spend the weeks to make their first landing page and I spent five minutes on that. So that's where I stay time. And then I do the same thing and all other things. So there are a lot of things you don't have to do. Your product has to be great. But it doesn't mean that at any point of time everything has to be great. At the start, your pitch has to be great because you have to sell someone something they don't really want. Yeah, they have to understand that they wanted or something. So your pitch has to be great. And you have to practice that part a lot and put like nine percent of your time there. But the product is not important yet because most likely your pitch will fail. So you'll pitch that to someone. They will not click. So they will not see your site. They will not see your product. But you've been spending your time building the product. And nobody even seemed that because your pitch was bad. So you have to make great pitch. So that's kind of the the hall of productivity hack is that don't do anything. That's not important yet. Just put one percent effort. Get something out. Don't care. Be embarrassed. It's fine. Nobody's going to see that. Don't worry. And put all your attention to something that's important at this stage. And that in every stage something else is important. I see. So if you were to coach somebody who has an idea, but they don't know how to execute it. Say, making some voice agent for children. How would you coach them through this? What would be the five steps to their execution that you will teach them? I said, I always do the reverse way. I start with audience. And then I go back and get to the products. You have to figure out whether you can build the audience for this because you will have to build the audience once you launch. That's harder than building the product. Try something that's hard first. So that in case you realize you can do that, you don't waste time building stuff. You can sell later. Try to sell it first. And while trying to sell it, you'll understand you need a lot more skills. You need to perfect your page. You have to try 100 versions of your page. So there will a lot more work than you think while you're trying to sell. And in most cases, the product isn't needed yet. If you succeed with that, if you build an audience for that, if you talk about the topic on social media and your content goes viral or at least get some attention, it means that you're actually on something. Because if that doesn't happen, it means that nobody cares about the problem you're talking. And because even if you have very few followers, like there are things like Reddit, you go to Reddit, you find certain subreddit where it's your audience and you share your idea there. If it doesn't work there, it means nobody cares. Or your pitch isn't bad. Changer pitch until people actually upload and ask questions. And once you pass that threshold that people care about what you say, and that will take years, by the way, don't expect that to be fast. It can take years. And when that happens, now you know what people need. And you have some conversations with people where you understand more details. And now you can go and build it. And the first version you can go and build yourself using no code tools or vibe code tools. Even if your product, the end product is complicated and you have to hire real developers for that. It's fine. Your first MVP can be simple. You can build it yourself. Get some traction with it. Some tests. And then you can hire people who know stuff and build the complicated stuff. Almost any product can do that. It can start with easy MVP. So these steps are build an audience for your idea. Make sure that you can grab their attention. Once you manage that, talk to them. Understand them. And become really good at knowing what exactly you want to build. And when that happens, you have to create MVP project in your head. That's super simple. Then you find it cool where you can do yourself. And then you bring it back to your users. And then you iterate with that for a long while. Like for a year maybe trying to change the product based on feedback. And then the next steps will come. That's not important anymore. Either you continue building stuff yourself or you hire somebody or you raise money or you find co-founder. Things may happen. As long as you have traction, everything will be open. All doors will be open. And like that, because as a product manager, we also like to focus on the audience first. Who are you serving this for? I see that you're able to get really good AI news. Whenever I see your post, I think that's how I came across you. You share really like on time to AI news. How did you aggate the news and deliver it in a way that is quick for people to digest and also really valuable to people? Because you've perfected your pitch with your message. Yeah, exactly. There are two ways of doing that. Sometimes in the case of news, I do it in a way that I remember them all. Then it's sit down and make a list of everything I remember from the last seven days. Then I take a bit less and I give it to my tools. I have two called social boat. So I give it to the social boat and I ask to bring details because I don't want to go and find exact numbers. I remember somebody sold, we served to open AI but what was the price. So it brings all the numbers. And now I have the list that's rich that has all the details. Now I rewrite the whole thing so it's interesting to read. So it's like pre steps. First step, I actually remember the list. The second step is that I ask AI to research all the information about ever event. And then I rewrite myself so that it's interesting to read because AI is usually making things boring. And if you want things to go morally have to make them kind of strange and funny or festive. They run it and all those things. And that's your pop make it strange and funny. It doesn't work that way. So if you ask that it makes it too funny or too ironic, it's hard to make it perfectly ironic. Not too much to little but I do that myself at the end. And where do you spend most of your time in terms of these content? Then do you look at X, just watch the news? What do you like read it? Where do you spend most of your time absorbing the information? You must dedicate time to doing that, right? Not as much as you would think. It's just access so good at making things viral that deserve it. So every three hours usually I often act and I click on explore and then it shows something that's super hot right now. And then I do that every few hours. And then I don't enter those threats or those tweets. So I see that and I understand that something hot in this kind of sphere. And then I leave. So I don't scroll the feed to find what's interesting because if you go to explore it's sorted. So the interest stuff is on the top, right? And that helps. Maybe because if you go to your feed, they start scrolling and there's nothing interesting. And suddenly there is something interesting and then you hope that you will scroll and there's something new interesting. And that just pulls you in and you spend hours there. And I just bypass that by going to the top and then I go to read it every day and go for a best today filter. And then I see which article was the best article today. So I basically save myself from doom scrolling by just using best top lists. Wow, this is super insightful. I feel like people just got a free coaching session from you on how to be in a. It's scrap is not the right word, but how to be an entrepreneur that's filled with courage and just do it mentality. I think how to be an entrepreneur that's building things on his own terms and it's easier to build things on your own terms when you have no. VCs and no employees both create terms. VCs start being your bosses and employees create overhead with meetings and you have to convince them in my case. I have to convince myself I'm moving along with my intuition. I make a lot of mistakes, but it's a lot of fun when you're allowed to make mistakes and you're allowed not to explain why exactly you want to do something you want to do. Because my best ideas and best products. I couldn't explain them at the start. I didn't know why this would work out. I just felt like that and I went for it. If I had to pick that to my coworker and convince them or my VC, I would probably never start those. Because you said the audience is always the first step is that why you like the directories because you're building an audience in that sense. Yeah, exactly. So that's how you connect to your audience through directories and that's one of the easiest way because you show that you understand the topic. And they can see it clearly by looking at your directorie. You can just tell them you understand it but they want trust you. But now they see the results and the facts. And I recommend everyone do that because the main mistake of junior founders is that they want to go from zero to 100 in one jump. How can I build Apple? How can I build Facebook from the start? That's pretty much impossible. You have to do small steps at a time, exactly. And at some point, after years, you will be skilled enough to do bigger steps. And it's also more fun because we like the process more than the outcome. That's how our brain works. We like this little wind, little achievements. And as more little winds you have as more pleasure you receive rather than doing something, having no pleasure at all. And hoping that one day it will be big. Do you believe in luck or hard work? Do you believe it's better to be lucky or hard work or do you need both in terms of start-up? What's your philosophy on that? I've seen a lot of people getting lucky and making a lot of money and almost all of them ended up being depressed. So I think being lucky has a flip side where you end up thinking you didn't deserve that. You had hoped to deserve what you got. Because when you deserve what you got, then offer your guard, you feel self-respect. People feel respect for you. The good feeling lasts even after the event has happened. Where with luck you're super happy at the moment but then over time you feel more doubt whether you deserve that. So I would say... So you're creating... Don't rely on me. Yeah and you're creating your respectable luck by throwing a lot of darts. You could say that if you trial out and you're in the building stuff moving it forward, then a lot of lucky things will happen to you. I don't call them luck because you're building something and suddenly that thing becomes popular, for example. And does it mean you're lucky? Well you are partly lucky but it's not that luck was the foundation of the whole thing. Rather you are doing the right thing and at some point sooner or later something in the world would change that would benefit people like you and it happened. This is amazing. I love this coaching session that you're giving away for free in a way. But how do people stay in touch with you if they like you and they want to see more of you. Where did they go? Social media, LinkedIn and X. I think I'm the only person with large following base who is on-sword every single DM in every single reply that I received. It's a lot. It's like 50,000 answers. I've done it a lot. It's probably the world record and I will keep doing that because I really like to help people. If people have questions or any advice, they can just ask me and I will actually answer it. Not right away, eventually I will answer it. Thank you so much, John. This has been amazing and I've learned a lot from you. I would love to keep in touch. Thanks for having me.
