Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "John Rush",
  "company": "SEObot / ListingBott / Unicorn Platform",
  "video_id": "ZOGuhfBRKpU",
  "title": "An Unfiltered Talk with John Rush: Directories, AI SEO & Building To Win",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOGuhfBRKpU",
  "channel": "Frey Chu",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
So the other day I got to meet John Rush and we ended up having this hour and a half long zoom call where we ended up just talking about some pretty interesting topics and I wasn't really planning on making a video of our conversation. It was really just to get to know each other and as we were kind of getting to know each other I realized that we both shared a similar approach when it comes to certain things in business and life and just the processes when it comes to building things on the internet and wanted to share this kind of raw and casual unfiltered conversation. I also just want to take a quick moment and just thank you and everyone who watches my videos on directories. Not once did I plan on creating a personal brand or even a YouTube channel in 2025 but I guess more people are interested in this direct retopic than I thought and it's allowed me to meet people that I otherwise probably would never be able to talk to you. So John is one of them so I figured why not extend the meaningful conversations and the learnings that I'm getting to the people who helped me get here in the first place. So in this conversation we do talk about directories and our approach to thinking about directories but we also talk about a lot more than that mindset stuff how the things we're trying to build go far beyond money and just kind of have a role in legacy and at the very end John shares his thoughts around LDO which is LLM SEO and a few different ways to get to know what kind of things we're trying to do. I'm a CEO and a few different ways to get your website to be referenced when someone uses chat to be to like up information within your niche. So that's kind of what's on the menu it's a little bit of everything it's kind of different than the content that I usually put out. It's kind of beautiful to have this raw unfiltered conversation that was never meant to be out and the last thing is because I had to cut a lot of this video out. I will be just kind of interjecting in certain areas just to set some context so you're not totally like what that is going on. But yeah, with that hopefully you enjoy this kind of intimate look into our Zoom call meeting. I was always running startups with friends or with partners and everybody would say. Come on, the directories are the yesterdays thing like nobody make them today. It was cool yesterday but not today. I was like that for like five years until in 2020, three I said no I want to start doing the directories because. You all were saying that the directors are going to be gone and it's like there are too many of them and they're still here and every year there's a cool directory in there and here and I'm not opening any of those cool directors and then somebody else gets all the traffic and. So I so I've built my first directory which was all GPT right after the opening I demo day and then it kind of went super viral enough for that. I started doing a lot of the records. Yeah, and I know so I was surprised when I saw that you were doing that quite some wildly go from 2020 to right. Yeah, yeah, I started I guess that was my first directory but I've kind of been playing with SEO and website building for. I mean probably like I to seven years before that so yeah kind of kind of like you I never really consider directories as a viable option. I realize that wait a minute it's it's kind of the one mode where you can go small if you're a beginner you can go create you know a couple thousand dollars passive income but then there's like your 50 million dollar directories to so it's kind of like. You know you can choose how big of a directory business you want to do and I started building it in October 2022. And yeah kind of like you I had other businesses before I had a full web business. I was importing thousands of shoes from Greece and Portugal and Taiwan and I imported it here in LA and then I did that whole thing and then I. I had another little business after that but it wasn't until yeah 2022 I really started going into. You know content creation I started like reviewing copy.ai like right when they first came out and then the founders on YouTube. Yeah, yeah, I made like one of the first review videos and it has like 50,000 views and it was right when it came out so from was like oh this is like this is it. Is it AI is coming and sure enough years later it's I don't want to call them obsolete they're just more niche and narrow for this and do I think sales AI and. That kind of stuff but. A lot of things changed in. Yeah, since then I go to not a lot of directories I think I have six right now so it's not like I have a huge portfolio but I'm kind of been. Spread spread across a lot of different things since making content. Yeah, but we want I like I co I co boat a SaaS because I'm a non non voter. I mean I I studied like marketing and information system so I did a little S. and well. We call it but that's you know it is that's pretty much as far as I got. I know the basics right like the. That I guess I'm well and things like that yeah yeah I mean I could read it and like understand it if you ask me to it's kind of like how. Like coming to America like my I can I can understand Mandarin really well but if I try to call my grandma and speak Mandarin I can't really speak very well and it's kind of like the same. I can I can understand like. Kind of what I'm seeing but if you ask me to go into. You know. Yes, but there's something and start. Start. I don't know. My main issue with directories now is that. Is. So I went in all in with the directors at some point just because you. I think that's like the first me to because one when viral in the other when viral and then. People kind of asked for the course so I think I never wanted to make a course. But then people just started asking. Very often and was. All quite good but then. The whole director thing became popular. Like. And a lot of people entered space so at the start I was I felt like. They were like five people in the world who just. Who did anything in that space I mean. Who built more than one director. Very very few people. And suddenly it's a lot of people like a lot of boilerplate a lot of tools lot of milk. Who tools like a lot like like a hundred of them. I created this. I read it for director of builders and then I ever day all I often and people. Launch some for director builders there like some tools. And eventually. It became obvious to me that the place is getting crowded and when when place gets crowded. The. The one who does the best quality and the best work and the wins in the rest will lose. And at the beginning I was one of. Very few people in the space and whatever you do it was better than nothing for the audience and then people were happy. And suddenly. You know, there's a lot of offering from all the sides and also. You know. I started to see more and more directory courses. And even from people who never made the director's. We just that how it happens right. So some quick context for the next part. It's really more about mindset and what I was thinking when I first started a YouTube and when I set out to do this YouTube being when that kind of first video. When I was like, okay, there's more interest here. I asked myself how hard would it be to become like the best in the world. I just educating people on directories. I actually don't think like because it's pretty narrow, you know, it's like website development and then like directories is it's pretty. It's like a sub niche. I don't think it's that impossible to be like maybe top three in the world at least, but not maybe number one is kind of. You know, who knows, but I think like you say it's maybe possible one to three. I think it's 100% possible to be number one. And. And not in the in the wish will way, but you know, in the realistic way is possible because the competition is not high enough. So it's the space where there's high competition and and all the competitors are the the all generation. I know the competitors, but they're kind of the all generation and and I think the market once. The new generation to be opening this thing to promote this thing and they will will be willing to enter this boat and all the other boats. So it will be also easier like for us, it's just easier where luck here because we're where where new and fresh people for this, but also it's just more fun to try to win the thing. So like one thing is just to build something and then you know, it like I thought that my my own part like. I have some stuff for directories and my the drug eye this telling every day and then the tools are selling so it. So it it all looks good from from from a this realistic perspective it's very good business. I have to income from it. But from other hand, it's nothing remarkable there is nothing spectacular. It's just I wouldn't say I would be proud of this whole thing when I'm like seven years old right and it can bothers me because I know what to do. I know that it's possible to turn this into something that you can be proud of but then they're doing more work done and especially on the part where I just can't spend that time and. So I think if that's your goal to like not just building you know nice revenue thing but actually almost like a legacy so. I'm just not just a good idea of owning the space completely all over the world not just the US not just international but the fall world all countries. I think that they could be cool because that's how I see. So from there we kind of transition to the topic of directories and why we think thinking is the most time consuming part and you know in your gut that it's a good idea. But you need to take necessary steps and just think about all the different angles research your competitors and make sure that it's worth going for. I like to spend a lot more time just thinking like like and I really when I'm spending my most of my time thinking is this in way I approach the directories is like I found the dog park niche early January. But why did I just decide to build it yesterday. I spent like probably an embarrassing amount of hours just reading through red at posts and like looking at my competitors and reading the comments and the UGC and the reviews in the. Yeah. Like okay is this actually a problem we're solving like or does the existing tools just do the job and like is it actually worth it to do to do this and so that's actually the most. And I think that's the most important part of the scraping and reaching the implementation that's so easy nowadays but like yeah it's interesting like. I have the same thing so I spend like month or years thinking and then people ask like how long does it take to. I've seen them and I'm like well from the moment I started building and I built it it was pretty fast but before that. I just talked about it for six months and I don't know how to evaluate this time where I was just thinking about it and you know I was just when I was scrolled with her as and I see something and then I add up I add up to my. I'm just going to say this idea and shaping and shaping and eventually I know all right so these director has to be all around. These points so I have to sort it by this this is the most important. Missing information about these type of item that people can't find anywhere if I put all in one place then people can actually judge the whole list in a really good way. And it's really hard to explain this as I'm still struggling. The larger people just come with idea now and they're like all right here's idea. I'll build it and like sleep on it. So for this next part we were talking about content creation and I share some ideas around future content ideas that I have and that conversation kind of turned into this topic around how to make directories which is pretty boring in general into something that's entertaining. That's fun to do and when it's entertaining it basically helps you stay in the game. Yeah, I have a ton of amazing content ideas that I want to build in the future to gameify it a little bit. Yeah, you'll game like one of them I want to use. Like, code or verse non-coder like this is the title. Coder, code or verse. Who can build the better like directory in seven days or something like that and so it's basically like a evergreen idea you can keep repeating with a different niche and it doesn't even matter if it makes money it matters about what skills benefit the coder and what skills benefit the coder and then like you can just simply replace the variable will be that like will me the non-coder and then something else and then the variable was also the niche so it's like a limit. It's like it's a lot of work to film and actually like get it together from a production standpoint because the coder has to basically login like document their process. But yeah, just a lot of interesting things because content creation is a little bit like okay you have like your content that's casting the wide net you know that's kind of designed to attract new viewers so maybe it's not so like in depth and then you have your lower viewership videos that are just for your loyal fans that you're. You know when you publish it it's probably only gonna get a few thousand views but it's gonna be very loyal people. But this is a new category I'm thinking about which is like it almost applies to both and that's the big challenge. How do you actually cast a wide net but like still provide value to those loyal people where they're learning something new every time or at least getting entertainment and the entertainment is the part where like even if you know everything you're still interested in watching the video because you want to see what happens and so like that's what I think about in a content creation perspective and. Right now I'm just getting the basic sound like I have my evergreen stuff I have a whiteboard here that's like oh off page link building yeah yeah that's. But you can only talk about that for like one or two videos then like what what else. You know. I mean with the entertainment it's interesting so I'm not I see the same so I applied the same rules for products so I think that the number one. The reason people sign up for product is to be entertained I even think that most directory builders will enter this whole thing to be entertained. Because in most cases and I see that from the audience it's been in most cases these people have income from somewhere and they want to do something on their own terms. And they want to be a one-life they always dream about it or they tried and now they want to try it again and and just the. Just being in the process is so entertaining for them. And then it all the tool and we have to do is to make sure that they don't fall off the process so that. It's like one thing at a time and then it's not too complicated not too easy so that it feels interesting but it doesn't feel so. Over well that they can it's. Post-pone it for the future and then in this kind of entertainment some people. People will actually build something cool it's same like with the good of videos so most people just entertain themselves watching even the educational videos but some actually learn. And you don't know even the person who is being entertained doesn't know whether he or she will just the entertainment out of it or they will actually learn and apply it and I think that's. That also opens up the market for such a large audience I think. The audience for the for the director is might be even bigger than the audience for anything else that for SaaS or agents and all those things because. It's way harder to convince someone. Who has main job to start building SaaS and it's way easier to come in and build the directory and also the success. And for somebody I see that like people build the right trees and they get some traffic from Google and they're still happy and and I'm so happy because I see that these people have never had any kind of success in life and now they have traffic from Google and. But they didn't know they should actually. And I think. Measure the traffic from Google because you know unless you tell them that connect search and soul and then they see impressions impressions come before clicks but it's cool because they already see some some progress right with impressions because if you only put another thing and it's only clicks and clicks can way later than you get the impressions and and and it keeps. And it's kind of the gamification of the process and making it entertaining might unlock like a million people like like like millions of people could be using this. And that's why it's like when they were thinking about it I felt like this kid this director game should be played with a goal of making huge thing and also good impact like basically letting. More people in the world run a little own business that you know for for some locations just 300 dollars and Montez amazing money way the way. And we know that that's kind of not something only like the times that people can do like it's a lot of people. So. I mean even the month is like pretty freaking easy like I've like my failed websites are just on mediavine they're doing like just 120 bucks a month but for someone who's never made their first dollar online I mean that's got a feel. I mean if you go anywhere outside of Western countries that's meaningful money like people will be proud about that and also that's enough money to stay in a game and do more work and build more stuff. And I think that's kind of the cool part here that if this thing is done really well first it's more entertaining for us. It it becomes a cool project rather than just kind of a project. And then second is that the legacy of this will be bigger because we will actually you know help people who otherwise probably wouldn't be. We're serving not the health but we can have include more people into the game and and it will get this part when I think about that. That they're like millions of people who can be included in the game and now the they get some part of the pie as well small part like it's it's in the global part on the global scale but on the local scale for them it's quite a lot and and of course I think that's kind of the end of this project in my head and if they're. And if that's not the end that I don't see why it's a cool project because then it's just like project to make some money but it's not interesting. All right here's some final context for this last section but we were kind of talking about why we believe directories are here to stay and John kind of shares his thoughts and theories around why directories are just going to grow with the advancement of AI and LLMs and that's kind of. That's kind of this last section when I think of directories I literally think of like I don't know if you have all you can eat a phase and is set his temple but it's like. I remember the ones in the last where I ate a lot. It's really the ones where they have a lot of fish and sushi and things like that that's that's what I think about and I think like even though it's getting more crowded with more voters. It's like when people say drop shipping is dead it's like dude you realize drop shipping is just ecommerce is just describing the process in which ecommerce is played out but the ecommerce has been growing at a staggering rate for the last what 20 years like unbelievably high. You know drop directories is just the. Method of creating the web it's just the model it's just you know it's just a website and if websites are around. Yeah exactly. Mercury will be around. Yeah. Also like you know whenever people think that. Like LLMs will kill the whole thing. And I'm like I'm always thinking that LLMs make it easier to find information but he just means that. The quality of information goes up everywhere and then. If people need high quality information they don't don't just. Higher but they want to highest so people going to they want to go somewhere where. These topic has the best quality information and it's always. So it's like floating like today the the best one is this but then it's growing and once the LLMs are able to give you. The information that's almost the same as it was on directories but now directories can give you way better because they also benefit from all this. And we're seeing that now like in these three years we saw that. When there's kind of this race where once LLMs can do something. And then people realize that well now my demands grow so I want more from this. And now they go back to that place and that place has to offer better quality. It's kind of moving together and saying with the directories so we so pretty good. Like directories three years ago some of them were just. I mean just because they had some items not not even all not which data just some because there was the only way to find. And now if you want to have some items like some local to data you get from LLM but that's what directories that are winning there having really good data. And that means that. You have to make better directors and and and then you're ahead because LLMs will always like in behind. Because they can't put so much effort into building on the data. As you do because you have just one directory you have all the time you have any of the research you can do. And LLM can just do something quick right now and you know so I think it's pretty safe from that point. And even the even more than that like my my big prediction about LLMs is that at some point like now if I search all of them and they have this deep search. Where they go around internet and do a lot of searching to give me some information and that cost a lot of time it takes like. Like 50 seconds and it's like impossible to wait and also cost a lot money for LLMs. And LLMs would prefer to actually go into one place that's knowingly great for that topic and just pick it from there and just be proxy so that you usually have to. But I think if that happens if that happens then LLMs are also showing source where they took the data like we read it now and. And then when they show the source in most cases people want to judge for themselves because they see that it's a place that's specifically for this topic and they will click and go there because it can have makes sense for them to see more in depth what exactly was there like why why that item on this item. On these items any cases it's subjective choice like you look at that and you pick something so I think the director is actually getting the benefit from LLMs search more than blogs because with with the blog. If LLMs is saying something and linking to a blog there's not really high chance you will click the original blog item because it's just roughly intersecting with your query where if you ask where did the dog parks in my town and then it says here go park and I took it from here there's almost 100% chance you will click and go and what should the director yourself and see what the parks are there and then filter in and things like that. I'm trying to figure out right now why one of my websites. Is like right now I'm just like very interested in LLMs.io because that's the only thing that I see. You know will be another challenge for people in the future but one of my websites is like the first website referenced for like a. It's a niche but it you know it's a decent niche and I'm trying to reverse engineer and ask why is it in there. People are saying oh you're seeing a rank on being search because that and I'm like I think it goes way beyond that I think you have to like you said dominate every query that comes in related to that niche to a point where there's no. Question based on you know this probably plays with. Yeah the organic search rankings which is then influenced by user metrics you know average duration click throughs just overall engagement so. I think yeah just trying to figure it out because I think that's going to be interesting in the next few years to. You know they're doing two on spruce on the edge so if people use LLM without entry taxes they just pure LLM and LLM only uses it's training data and then training data is a set they took from somewhere. And then the question what's the set and every LLM has their own set for example, up on the I used a lot of Reddit like a lot of Reddit and they use it over and over again they have a deal with the Reddit for like a billion dollar nail. It means that have to be on Reddit 100% to get into the LLM training data and. And and you can verify that you can actually verify like for me was easy to verify because I have a lot of products and I ask about all the products and it knows about some it doesn't know about the others and then there is 100% correlation that those. But they're known are also on Reddit. And I had there so. But today we have a map search tool within LLM so grok on eggs and almost all of them are using it for flexibility and openly. And in that case they use regular search just the same regular search. Only I use this bank because they have a deal with Microsoft so they just do bank search they take top 10 on sort 20 answers or 15 answers and they. And they scroll the data from those sources and they put that all into the context and then they answer. Which means and the grok does it the same thing with with so it can find it with. Which means that if you want to play the game really really well you have to be a on Reddit. So we have to be on top of the bank see on top of the Google in the on top of social media. So they like a tweet on internet where somebody asks whether the best dot parks and somebody has to answer and then there has to be a link to you or description of you. So if you do all this then you're kind of good for all LLMs. And then that's that that that simple like there's a lot of descriptions and people try to reverse engineer but the basic part is that but more complicated part is like when pigs 15 results from the top of the Google or bank. And it doesn't really take the content from all 15. It opens all content but then it takes some parts of it or or some limited parts or maybe it's keeps some and then it doesn't trust the ranking so it doesn't just pick the top one because then it's easy to manipulate it so it has some rules to pick one versus the other. That's more complicated because that just prompt we have no idea what prompts are there that do that like after we look into the prompt and it says and pumpkin change because this part is not part of training this part is just prompt that's life and then they can change it tomorrow and then. The whole logic you have is broken but the basic part is pretty good so it's read it and it's just being on top of SEO so basically as a year today brings you. L E or two it wasn't the case yesterday because this L LMs didn't use search for a long time they just start using search three months ago but now they use and now it's almost equal. Yeah that's an interesting basically like I think L LMs see user journey content at the very like as kind of like the only sign that something towards value because people are engaging on read it mentioning. Yeah of course. It's hard to manipulate to understand that this harder to manipulate. Yeah and if no one's talking about it I mean if you're directory in this case is like quality there will be UGC and that will be picked up as a signal for the L L L L L L E or whatever. So kind of I at least I in my mind it sounds like. Like these forums and user-trained content. Is the metric almost that matter most because also for SEO that's where they're having like I clearly seen the impact of viral tweets on the SEO like whenever I had a viral tweet for my directory just. Jim's with traffic the next day. Yeah it's just a day so fast because I guess Google has we could reaction for social media content because all social media content has time for him. Thank you. Alright so that pretty much wraps it up and those are pretty much the juiciest parts of our conversation that I wanted to share with you if you enjoyed it let me know because I'm kind of curious if this was different in a good way or different in a not good way. I know I talked a lot about directories here and I love doing that too but the truth is I love the game of business so much because I'm curious what works and I'm just curious what people are building out there so anyways you kind of saw that in this conversation so yeah just curious on that but with that guys I appreciate you watching and again thank you so much for your support. I'll catch you guys in the next video see ya.
