Metadata:
{
  "expert": "John Barrows",
  "channel_name": "John Barrows",
  "video_id": "LkeKpUhGL3A",
  "title": "How Fear Controls the Way We Lead, Sell, and Parent with Bryan Post",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkeKpUhGL3A",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1526,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
[music]
>> Hey everyone, welcome back to Make It
Happen Mondays where we talk about
sales, business, entrepreneurship,
personal growth, mental health, and
everything in between with guests who I
truly respect and I think make a
positive impact on the world around us.
Now, here's another one that's a little
bit different from the typical sales
conversation, and I think it might be
one of the more important ones I've done
in a while. This one goes deep into
mental health, stress, fear, [music] and
how all of that shows up and how we
sell, how we lead, and and actually how
we parent.
Bryan Post is a behavioral expert and
the author of 22 books, including From
Fear to Love. He has spent the last 30
years working with troubled children and
highly stressed families, specializing
in adoption and foster care. He is also
building Bondify, an AI-powered app that
applies his behavioral science framework
to help parents in real time.
His whole premise is that there are two
primary emotions, love and fear.
>> [music]
>> And most of us grew up experiencing fear
disguised as love.
What makes this conversation a little
different is how directly it applies
[music] to sales and leadership. Bryan
case that when you are stressed, your
thinking becomes confused, your
short-term memory shuts down, and you
cannot perform. We actually talk about
why the Challenger Sale approach of
adding [music] fear on top of a buyer
who's already scared is backfiring in
today's market. And why it's backfiring.
And he also breaks down why discipline
means to teach, not to punish, and how
that changes everything about how you
manage a team.
And he says the greatest gift you can
give any situation, whether it's in
sales conversation, a negotiation, or a
moment with your kids, is to slow down.
So, I hope you enjoy this conversation
as much as I did. Let's make it happen.
Bryan Post, welcome to the Make It
Happen Monday podcast, my friend. How
you doing today?
>> I'm doing fantastic, John. Glad to be
here.
>> Yeah, I'm glad to have you here, man. I
think it's going to be an interesting
conversation. It's a little bit of a a
part from the norm of of the sales
tactics and tips and strategies that we
all talk about, and this is going to
kind of delve dive into um a lot of just
decision-making but mental health and
and fear and and stress that we're all
dealing with right now and I think man,
if there's a time to talk about how to
deal with stress, uh I think this is it.
>> [laughter]
>> Because
>> 100%
>> things things are moving so fast and I
am going I am interested in your new the
app that you got that you put together
with the AI stuff that you're working on
cuz I'm curious in that journey as well
and and that balance of the human
component and AI.
So, we'll get to that, but let's talk a
little about your origin story, man,
because you got a real interesting one.
You come from a a real interesting
background with your parents and
adoption and and all the stuff that
you've been through with your sister and
everything else, too. So, walk me
through that and and a lot of and what
you how that shaped you, right? That
that any education could never give you,
right? No no MBA could ever teach you
what you got what you were taught
through your childhood and and also when
you recognized
that you know, you needed to really
start to pay attention to the human and
how people reacted and communicate. So,
could you could you walk us through that
to give us some context here?
>> 100%. So, I I like people ask me all the
time how I got started doing the work
that I do. So, I've been for the last 30
years
working with troubled children and
highly stressed families and you can
pretty much encompass it. My specialty
is in adoption and foster care, but it
expands to human behavior.
Um I really believe that everything I
teach is is just human behavior. So, I I
spend a lot of time talking about
adoption because I feel like that that
specifically is what God put me here to
do.
>> Mhm.
>> Um but I can I can generalize that to
almost every area. And so, I say that
John because I was conceived by a woman
out of wedlock. She was married, her
husband was out of the country in the
military. She got pregnant by my father.
She didn't think her husband was coming
back. And um she got pregnant by my
father. And then um realized that she
didn't want to be a single mom raising
four children in Muskogee, Oklahoma in
the 1970s. And I I like to joke that
Merle Haggard, because I'm from
Oklahoma, Merle Haggard sang a song
called Okie from Muskogee, and I'm I'm
who he's referring to. And so
most country and western people are like
Yeah, dreadlocks, huh? Merle Haggard?
>> Right. Yeah, I was going to say they're
not the typical what somebody would
envision, but I hear you.
>> [laughter]
>> So um
she got pregnant by my father, and then
he went across town and got a cousin
pregnant. And then um she found out,
broke her heart, and realized that she
she wasn't going to be able to keep me.
And so she she told her husband, and he
said you got to have an abortion. And so
37 years later when I called her and
said, I think you had a little boy, you
know, June 4th, 1973, and I think that
was me. She said, first after she asked
me, how'd you get my number? She said,
well, let me call you back. She said,
I'll call you back tomorrow. I said,
okay, well, I'm not a crackhead. I don't
want anything. I just want to know a
little bit about my roots. So let me
tell you that that whole process um I
finally met her at 37. That started when
I was like 24 years old. And so I I
Yeah, I just kind of It's just a It was
an interesting process overall. Um so it
took quite a while. And um
so she we hung up and she called me back
30 minutes later. She said, baby, you're
right. I'm your mom. I've been praying
for you every single night. She said, I
had to tell my husband. Same married to
the same man. He's the father of my
three half siblings. And um he he
thought I'd been aborted. So the only
people that knew I lived were existed
was my mom and her older sister, my aunt
Gloria, who since passed away. And so,
my mom, because she was heartbroken,
changed my last name so my dad couldn't
find me. And so, she gave me some
information about him. I found him a
couple weeks later. He said, "I looked
for you." He said, "I was young." He
said, "I couldn't find you." And and
that was all fine because I got I got
adopted. I was in a couple foster
placements.
And And so, when I when I say when I
jump forward and say I've been doing
this for 30 years and I believe that God
created me to do this,
God created me to do this from the
moment of my conception. So,
[clears throat] when I when I talk to
people,
families, when we're talking about their
kids, when I talk about their own lives,
when I'm talking about I mean, I do
coaching with CEOs, presidents,
politicians, I'm always taking people
back to their birth because most people
don't think about their birth
experience, but by the fourth week after
conception, you're already beginning the
process for hearing, and by the second
trimester, you're already
psychologically processing. And Nadine
Burke Harris wrote a book called The
Deepest Well. She says that in the first
year of life, your brain's developing 1
million neural connections per second.
By the time you're 5 years old, your
brain's 97% developed. So, from
conception to that first year of life,
your brain has already developed 90% of
what it's going to what it's going to
carry for the rest of your life in those
in utero experiences go into developing
the foundation
of your This is important.
John Bowlby in the in the '50s, John
Bowlby is known as the father of
attachment. He said that in the first 3
years of your life established the
blueprints for all of your future social
and emotional relationships. Well, the
'90s was the decade of the brain, and
then we found out that it's not just the
first 3 years of your life, it's from
conception up to the age of five
establishes the blueprints for all of
your future social and emotional
relationships. So, so many of the things
that people struggle with, especially in
high-stress situations,
can directly be correlated to those in
utero and five first years of life. And
so, it's really important for me, just
as a foundation for us as human beings,
that we not discount the our in utero
experience. It You know, there's a whole
science around it. It just doesn't get
talked about, and all the sciences are
so fragmented, but it's pre- and
perinatal psychology. So, I was after a
couple foster placements, got adopted by
my mother and father, who loved and
adored us, did the absolute best that
they could, hard-working, salt of the
earth people. I mean, I couldn't have
asked for better parents
until they were stressed. When they were
stressed, both my parents were children
of alcoholics, though they never drank,
they never smoked, they never partied.
My saving grace was growing up in
Mountain View, Oklahoma, a town of 2,000
people, because it was quiet, it was
slow, I knew everyone, it was
consistent, it was predictable, all the
things that the brain needs to feel
safe.
What was really important is that when I
met my biological mother, and then I'm
going to flip and tell you the sis- the
story of my sister, because that's
that's probably as important as
anything.
When I finally met my biological mother,
the first thing she said is, "I loved
being pregnant." All she had to do is
tell me love.
Because love is an experience of
oxytocin. So, when she said, "I loved
being pregnant, I didn't drink, I didn't
smoke, I ate the right foods, I got
plenty of exercise," that told me that
my brain had been
had been guarded from the negative
consequences of cortisol. So, oxytocin
is your brain's anti-stress hormone.
Cortisol [snorts]
is your brain's primary stress hormone.
So, when you're in a high stress
situation, your your cortisol is out is
pumping out because it's a survival
mechanism. Well, oxytocin, which is a
learned experience, has to be taught
in you from in utero. So, when my mom
said she loved my biological mom said
she loved being pregnant, then she was
releasing oxytocin and I was
experiencing that. So, that shielded my
brain.
Well,
to to put that on the flip side, there
was my sister that I was raised with. We
weren't biological. She was also
adopted.
>> [snorts]
>> My sister Now, now think about this
dichotomy. My biological mother said, "I
loved being pregnant." My sister was was
conceived to a single mother who drank
alcohol, maybe used marijuana, I imagine
during that period of time. She was 3
months premature. She weighed 3 and 1/2
lb when she was born and she spent her
first 3 months of life in an incubator.
So, you think about my early experience
being sheathed in oxytocin and love and
my sister's early experience being being
being flooded with cortisol.
So, then what happens is my sister and
my my my moms and I I refer to my mom
and dad as the people who raised me.
My mom said, "When we got you, you were
smiling. When we got your sister, she
was crying."
And and that that created the blueprints
for our relationships.
So, my sister
was always stressed out. Because of her
early experience, she was emotionally
arrested. She was developmentally
delayed. She was She was chronically
immature. Now,
this becomes really important.
My mom and dad that raised us
were children of alcoholics.
They They My mom, at the age of 9, heard
her father
had a heart attack in front of her at
the kitchen table. No one ever talked
about it. My grandmother raised 10 kids.
My mom was the oldest daughter of 10.
>> Mhm.
>> So, my grandmother worked as many jobs
as she needed to to take care of her
kids and to raise her kids.
And my mom was parentified. So, that
that's the point. So, my mom being the
oldest daughter took care of the
siblings younger than her. My father
his father was an alcoholic, was killed
in a bar. My dad dropped out of school
when he was in the eighth grade. He
eventually went to Vietnam, came back
from Vietnam with severe post-traumatic
stress disorder.
So,
you have two hard-working salt of the
earth people. They moved to this little
town, which is fantastic. My dad worked
in a rock quarry for 35 years. Came home
every single day, got up every single
morning before the crack of dawn, got to
work, worked all day, came home covered
in limestone, lime dust.
He is He is the foundation for my work
ethic. He's the foundation for my
principles of how a man takes care of
his home, takes care of his family, his
responsibilities.
The problem happens
when they get stressed.
Okay, so kids being kids, number one,
and kids kids coming from from early
experiences of trauma, adoption is
trauma, foster care is trauma.
These children are stress sensitive and
fearful. So, when you've had a really a
really stressful
early in utero experience, it forms the
blueprints for a very sensitive
amygdala. And you're familiar with that,
it's your limbic system. Well, that's
where your cortisol comes from.
So, then the problem is when when my mom
said, "You were smiling and your sister
was crying." Immediately,
they look at me, they have a oxytocin
moment. They look at my sister, they
have a stress moment. So, then we get
older. And as we get older, we have
behavior problems as as stress sensitive
fearful children do. Well, my my parents
only knew
hitting and yelling and taking things
away, which is traditional parenting.
Mhm. The problem is
you can hit and you can yell and you can
take things away from a child who has a
pretty normal in utero birth experience.
But when you're hitting and yelling and
taking things away from a
stress-sensitive, fearful child, all
you're doing is increasing stress and
increasing fear. Now, Joseph LeDoux says
something really important.
He says he's a New York University
neuroscientist. He wrote a book called
The Emotional Brain. He says in times of
stress, our thinking becomes confused
and distorted and our short-term memory
is suppressed. So, when you're stressed,
you're not thinking clearly and you
cannot remember.
>> [snorts]
>> My parents became really stressed out
with my sister and I and our behaviors.
And their hitting and their yelling and
their taking things away just
exacerbated the situation. But the
difference between my sister and I is
because of my in utero experience, I
could regulate my stress. So, I could
get whipped. My dad did not He did not
spank. He spanked maybe until we were
five and then the leather belt came out
and then it was whipping. I could get a
whipping. I could go to my room, play
with my little He-Man figures, and I
could I could recover.
My sister could not recover. So, the
next day she would go to school unable
to recover. It takes high It takes
It takes This is something really
important. It takes
cortisol, high levels of cortisol, 36
hours to clear the body-mind system. So,
if you've experienced a really stressful
event, the next day, that stress, that
cortisol is still in your system. Now,
there's research that says
traumatic events,
cortisol related to traumatic events,
can be stored in your body for up to 15
years. Damn. 15 years. So, if you take
36 hours and you take 15 years, you take
36 hours with a stressed out child who
goes to school, who and and for her, the
way that manifested is
she was just immature. She was
chronically immature. Well, my parents
were parentified. So, you take a an
immature child with with with
hyper-responsible parents,
it is just a recipe for disaster.
And so, that's how you take a loving
home and turning in turn it into World
War III.
And the the foundation of my work
comes from
all of my childhood experience, my own
experiences and the obs- observing of my
sister's overwhelm and my parents'
helplessness.
And Einstein said something very
pertinent,
"To continue to do the same thing and
expecting a different result is the
definition of insanity." Well, the
significance of that is that it goes
back to what Joseph Velado says. When
you're stressed and your thinking
becomes confused, distorted, and your
short-term memory suppressed,
you can't remember that the thing you
did yesterday did not work, and so you
do it again today. And in our society,
if something doesn't work, we just do
more of it. And so, that was my
experience, uh my my my my earliest
experiences that has informed all of the
work that I've been doing for the last
30 years.
>> Wow, man. So, lots to unpack there.
Uh I want to one of the things I I I
constantly am exploring is the the
concept of nature nurture, right? And
you know, one of the questions I tend to
ask is, you know, curiosity, is it is it
nature nurture, right? I think, you
know, genuine curiosity is is something
you're born with, but you can become
curious.
But, you're hitting on something that
makes me curious here
Um because you know we we consider
nature the environment that somebody
kind of grows up in and the parenting
that they had and and you have really
interesting examples of really good
parents with really bad kids bad and I'm
putting bad in quotation marks or or
really bad parents and and you know
again quotes and greatness comes out of
them. But what you're saying is like the
nature component starts actually way
before a kid gets born into a set of
parent well a physically born into the
world. It starts in uterine
and and literally so is I guess is that
the the line of nature nurture is that
the nurture the the nature component is
actually from the minute of or or very
soon after conception and all the
environmental the the mentality the the
mental health of the mother the the
environment that they're in the the the
positive talk that they do the all that
music that you hear people say like all
that stuff genuinely matters and does
that develop the the nature? Is that the
nature component of where people come
from?
>> The nature the nature
is the genetics. The nurture
is the care.
>> Right.
>> So the nature is what you're born with.
The nurture is how you're cared for.
So that the the nurture starts in utero.
>> Okay.
>> It starts with the mom who's not
stressed. It starts with with the with
the household with a father who's
present and and loves loves loves his
his partner his wife his his spouse
whatever and takes care of her and make
sure she's not too stressed and and
extended family that celebrates the the
soon-to-be arrival of the new baby.
That's the nurture and it starts from
the very beginning. The nature is what
you show up with. And so science says
it's 50/50 however science says nurture
has the ability to shape and overcome
nature. So, with the right nurturing,
>> [snorts]
>> you can actually overcome your genetic
predispositions.
But, the challenge
in our society, because I believe
most of us have grown up experiencing
fear disguised as love. I I believe
there are two primary emotions, love and
fear. And most of us have grown up
experiencing fear disguised as love. So,
what you were told your parent when
they're hitting you or yelling at you or
taking things away or threatening you or
shaming you or whatever it is that they
do, and they tell you they're doing that
because they love you, that has nothing
to do with love, that has everything to
do with fear. So, the problem becomes is
we end up exacerbating the nature
by by providing a stressed-out, fearful
nurturing. But, because we you know,
parents can provide shelter and food and
and consistency and predictability,
we say, "Well, you know, that child was
taken care of. That child wasn't abused.
They weren't physically, sexually
abused. They weren't maltreated. They
weren't neglected. They weren't
deprived, locked in rooms for hours.
What's wrong with them?" Well, that
doesn't mean you don't have stressed-out
parents who are hard-working,
work every day, got they got to pay the
bills, they put food on the table, but
they are one of the most pervasive two
two of the most pervasive things that
afflict our society. One is emotional
absence. So, because of the way we've
been raised and the because of the
stress of our society, parents and
adults are under a great deal of stress.
Well, when you're stressed, you become
emotionally absent instead of
emotionally present. The second is, in
our society, we are emotion and feeling
immune. And I like to separate the two.
An emotion, your body only knows two
emotional states. Emotion is energy in
motion. Your body only knows thriving
and surviving. Your cellular systems
either constricting in survival or it's
open and it's thriving. A feeling is the
cognitive perception of an emotion. So,
we grow up experiencing parents who love
us and provide for us, but they are
stressed out. So, they become
emotionally absent. An emotionally
absent parent actually sends a stress
vibration to their child unconsciously
and not knowing it. The second thing is
as we've experienced all these painful
events throughout our lives, these
stressful events and traumas. Any
stressful event which is prolonged,
overwhelming, and unpredictable. And
when you don't have an opportunity to
express it, process it, and understand
it, that short-term stressful experience
can become a long a lifelong,
brain-altering, traumatic experience.
And we don't grieve in our society.
That's number two. It it is it is a
pervasive
a pervasive
traumatic experience in our society is
we don't grieve painful events because
we're afraid of emotion. We're afraid of
feelings. We don't like to cry. We're
not sad. We We you know, our parents
were baby boomers and and then the
generation before that was in the was in
the Dust Bowl and the major depression
and there was no And then you go a
generation back and now you're in
slavery. There's no time for crying.
There's no It's all pick your pick
yourself up by your bootstraps. Lift
your chin up, you know, wipe those tears
away.
Crying is a process of grieving and
healing.
So, when you don't get an opportunity to
do that, it just gets suppressed and you
just carry it from one generation to the
next generation to the next generation.
>> So, as a parent or sub manager, leader,
um
what are the indicators? Cuz it it's
hard when you're in the moment, right?
Like, hey, I think I'm a great parent. I
think my wife and I are are great, but
we're both entrepreneurs. We both run
our own companies. We both live out of
our own house. We both work ridiculous,
absurd hours. You know, do we force time
to be with our daughter? Absolutely. Do
we, you know, spend weekends Do we
consider ourselves present? Absolutely.
But, I think there's a lot of people
that could probably convince themselves
that they're a good leader, a good
manager, a good father, a good wife, or
I'm sorry, a good a good mother,
but are not. They're they're they're in
that stress zone. So, what are the
indicators for somebody who is in that
without it punching them right in the
face and having the kid yell back at
them like, you know, or their kid acting
up? What are the indicators that you are
in that stress state even though you
might not think it just because you are
just providing for your family. I'm
working my ass off here. I'm doing
everything I can. And and but it could
be harming your
your employees, your child. What are
those indicators?
>> I I'd tell you one of the one of the
major indicators is having a
conversation with someone
and not paying attention. Whether it's
your employee or whether it's your
child. Having a conversation and while
they're talking, you're formulating what
you're going to say back. Having a
conversation and being on your phone at
the same time. Watching your child Your
child saying, "Hey, watch me. Watch me."
and you're saying, "I'm watching. I'm
watching." and you're looking down at
your phone or you're thinking about work
or you're thinking about the bill that
needs needs to get paid. Those are the
the major indicators that afflict all of
us as parents.
Mindfulness and presence requires
energy. It is one of the most
challenging things to do and we take it
for granted because what we've
experienced
our parents being physically present.
Physically present Physical presence and
emotional presence are two completely
different things.
They're two completely different things.
And the thing is
the only person who can be honest and
hold someone accountable and judge
whether someone's present or not is the
individual.
>> Yeah.
>> You know whether you're present or not.
It's whether or not you're willing to be
honest
about the fact of whether you're being
present or not.
>> Yeah, I mean, we come down to, you know,
from a sales standpoint active
listening, right? With a client and not
having pre- Yeah, most sales reps they
go through the motions of the questions.
>> Sure.
>> And then they kind of regurgitate
whatever their pitch is.
What are some of the things that you
work with people, parents, anybody to to
help cultivate active listening, right?
Outside of putting the phone down,
obviously, and staying present. I I
don't necessarily know if a lot of
people under truly understand what real
active listening is or they don't know
how to. So, how do you coach people on
how to be more present, how to be more
curious, inquisitive, and and actively,
genuinely listen to people?
>> I'll give you something very simple and
and I always say everything I teach is
very simple. It's just not easy.
>> Yeah.
>> The first thing is to breathe.
>> Mhm.
>> I teach I teach people fundamentally how
to slow down and breathe.
>> Okay.
>> Because if we go back to what Joseph
LeDoux says about in times of stress our
thinking becomes confused and distorted
and our short-term memory is suppressed,
if you're not breathing, you're already
off the rails.
>> Mhm.
>> So, I teach people how to breathe. And
then I teach people that instead of
actually listening to what the first to
what the person is saying
reflect on what you're feeling
inside of yourself. So, when you're
talking, the first thing I have to do is
I have to reflect on what I'm feeling
and where I'm at. So, if I'll reflect on
what I'm feeling and where I'm at, then
I remember to breathe,
and then I become present, and now I'm
connected
to the exchange that is occurring. And
this is Allan Schore, who's a
neuroscientist, wrote a book called
Affect Regulation and the Origin of the
Self. And he talks about right
hemisphere to right hemisphere
attunement. See, we don't realize that
3/4 of who we are is emotional. The
other quarter is rational and cognitive
and processing.
>> [snorts]
>> But 3/4 of it is all emotional. So, when
you're dialing into who you are and
where you're at and what's going on,
what your thinking is, it's the essence
of mindfulness. That's how you slow down
and you get present to what the other
person is saying. And then it's simply
asking, "Well, tell me more."
Or explain that further. Or help me
understand that. Or or let's go into
that a little bit further. And then
you're really tuned in
to what they're saying because you've
calmed all of your inner chatter, your
inner mind chatter.
>> Mhm.
>> And when you can quiet that inner mind
chatter, then you can join a space of
relationship with another person, and
relationship is the most important
thing.
>> Let me ask you this on that note, then.
How much does preparation
uh help or hurt a conversation?
And I say this in this in that, you
know, I could do all the research. I've
done a ton of and a lot of notes on you.
I got all sorts of your background. I
got, you know, all this stuff, right?
And so, there were some questions that I
was curious. But for me, I I use that as
a background as context, and then I kind
of just ask whatever questions I feel
like asking. Um but there's there's a,
you know, kind of an over-preparedness
component to walking in and kind of
assuming what your situation is. And
then there's the flip side of that,
which is the I'm not going to prepare at
all because I just want to learn. I just
want to see where this conversation
goes. So, where are you on that line?
And I'm going to bring this into cuz I
think the the parent conversation and
the and the and the sales rep and the
and the manager conversation is very
similar, right? We go in with kind of a
preconceived notion and gear the and and
ask the questions to guide it versus
coming in unprepared and showing
disrespect to the person. Like, if I
didn't prepare for this conversation, it
was like, "Bro, let's just talk, man. I
don't know who the hell you are or never
heard you heard your book before, but
man, let's just talk." Like, I think
that's disrespecting somebody's time,
especially in today's world. So, where
is the balance for you of preparedness
versus openness?
>> I love the question. I love the question
and it it when you ask me the question,
it reminds me of Floyd Mayweather, one
of the greatest boxers of all time. I
heard Floyd Mayweather say,
"I don't prepare for my opponent. My
opponent has to prepare for me."
He says, "I spend my time on being the
absolute best that I can." So, when I
think about that, and I think about
preparing, say, for a conversation with
someone, you want to prepare to the best
of your ability and have some core
understanding, but really, who you're
preparing is yourself.
>> Mhm.
>> You're preparing yourself to have a
working understanding and knowledge, but
then to really be able to be present in
a in a conversation and in a
relationship and to really be curious.
If you over prepare, then what happens
and I love that I love that word, over
prepare, then you're you're overthinking
the situation. And when you're
overthinking the situation, it actually
means it's reflective of being stressed.
And if you're stressed because you've
over prepared, then we're not in sync.
And if we're not in sync, the
conversation's always going to be off.
The conversation's not going to flow
like it could flow. So, you have to be
prepared. Like you said, that's common
respect. But you don't want to over
prepare, but really the foundation is
what you're showing up it what you're
showing up with in any given moment. Cuz
you could ask me one question
and in a reflective way just keep
reflecting on what I'm saying, listening
to what I'm saying, being curious about
what I'm saying, and we could just go
deeper in that and deeper in that and
deeper in that. And if you got three to
five questions, what is it? Grant
Cardone says it's it's the person it's
the person the place or the price or the
person the price or something else. You
know, you can have three working things
in your brain and be able to go through
any sales conversation the same way you
could go through any conversation with
your kid. You don't have to be over
prepared, just be in tune, be present.
>> Yeah, I think that's you know, it's a
fine line because again I think you
know, we only have so much time to have
If we had all the time in the world, I
think that'd be a different story,
right? But people are so transactional
in today's world that if you're not
getting to the point real quick, you
know, and I think this also has to do
with personality types, right? Like I'm
a I'm a pretty high D, right? So, if you
just take forever to kind of have this
meaningful you know, really I'm like,
"Dude, I'm sorry. Can we just get to the
point?" And I don't know from my
standpoint like when you like when you
layer on personality profiles, right?
DISC or whatever you want to use here.
How much
like do the different personalities
is what you're talking about from a
uh from a fear standpoint, right? And
and and how people react to it, is that
dependent upon the type of personality
or does that dictate the personality
quite frankly?
>> Oh, that's an excellent question. And
let me tell you something about stress
and trauma. Stress and trauma, so high
levels of stress get stored in a part of
your memory system called the state
level memory. So, you have the
cognitive, you have the emotional, you
have the motor, and you have the state.
The state's at the brain stem level. So,
trauma and stress gets stored at the
state level. Guess what else is down
there? Your personality traits. So,
trauma can become
traits of your personality. So, it all
gets intertwined. So, however you have
developed and matured in your ability to
regulate stress or not regulate stress
is all intertwined with your
personality. So, it's only going to turn
it up or turn it down, all depending on
what your experiences are.
>> Let's talk about management for a minute
here. How does a manager know that like
what So, what Let me back up for a
second. Discipline.
What you're saying is when you
discipline a kid or anybody, that that's
a that's a fear-based scenario. And And
what you're tell what I mean, your whole
book is fear and love, right? And you
said behavior is communication.
It So, do you meet everything with love?
>> I love that, John.
>> [laughter]
>> I love I love first of all that you said
when you discipline someone.
>> Right, yeah.
>> And let let me let me just counter that
with
the definition of discipline is to
teach,
not to punish.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Okay?
The definition of discipline is to
teach, not to punish. In times of
stress,
in times of stress, our thinking becomes
confused and distorted, and our
short-term memory is is shut off.
So, if what I believe is discipline is
actually punishment, then actually what
I'm doing is I'm stressing you more, and
I'm making it even more challenging for
you to learn because I am suppressing
your memory system. If I could get
schools
to to operate with this as a first
principle
that children have to be regulated to
learn
then then every relationship has to lead
with love and understanding. And love
[snorts] and understanding does not mean
without limits.
See, you can you can have you can have
love and you can also have limits. I can
say to you, "Look, John,
sit down here with me for a for a
minute, brother.
You keep showing up 5 minutes late every
day.
And I have people calling at 9:00. When
you come in 5 minutes late, I've got
I've got our clients are already going
to to voicemail.
>> [snorts]
>> Help me understand what's causing you to
show up 5 minutes late because it's
really starting to stress me out and
it's really starting to impact your job
performance. And here's the thing,
if you can't show up at 9:00 and I can't
depend on you, I'm not going to be able
to have you in that role.
Now, if I if if you want to help me
understand what's going on and maybe we
can figure out something, we can create
some flex time and I can put someone
else here to be at 9:00 because you just
can't do it or or maybe you have a child
care issue, I can support you on that, a
transportation issue. Let me know,
brother, because otherwise something's
going to change got to change because
it's impacting everything. See, we can
have a completely loving, responsible
conversation. [clears throat] See, the
definition of responsibility is to take
responsibility,
to be responsible for how you respond.
See, in our society, we have been
conditioned to react. So, John, if
you're showing up 5 minutes late,
brother, that's a pip. That's one
warning, two warning, three warnings,
you're out. Well, all's I'm doing is
exacerbating stress and I'm not actually
I'm not actually creating an opportunity
for you as my employee for one for you
to feel safe with me for two for me to
communicate to you that I do want to
understand what you're showing up to the
table with and for three for me to help
you understand why it's so important for
you to show up at 9:00. Now, I had an
employee used to show up
5 minutes late every day.
I said I can appreciate that you show up
5 minutes late every day, but we need
you here at 9:00. Actually, I need you
here at 8:50 because I need you to get
the clinic ready.
>> [snorts]
>> So, for every minute after 9:00, you're
going to give me $20 and you can show up
as late as you need to, but I'll feel
better because I know you're giving me
$20 for every minute. So, now my stress
gets mitigated and if you need to be
late, that's great. Just pay me the
extra $100 or $200. She paid me $100 in
total and then she started not only
showing up on time, but showing up
early. It It was just like THAT
CONVERSATION. I WASN'T MAD. I WASN'T
SCREAMING. I wasn't yelling. I wasn't
threatening.
It was just that we have to remember the
definition of discipline is to teach and
not to punish and punishment creates
more stress.
>> Yeah.
It's interesting because there is I
don't know if you're familiar with it,
but there's a book called The Challenger
Sale
um which is there's there's three
corporate executive board they wrote
three books, right? One's Challenger
Sale, one's Challenger Customer and then
they got this Jolt Effect one and it's
interesting because Challenger Sale
fundamentally is there's two components
of it. One lead with insights, but then
the other is challenge the person and
effectively like hey, you make this
decision once a year. I make it every
day. Let me show you how people make
good decisions and bad decisions. But
the problem right now, that was pseudo
effective back 10 15 years ago. But now
because everything's moving so fast and
everybody's kind of scared right now, it
actually is is a it's a compounding
negative because what you're doing with
Challenger Sale is you're actually
adding fear on top of somebody who's
already scared. [clears throat]
So, so to to transition that into like
where we are in today's world with
things moving so fast, right? Like every
time I'm sure you flip on Instagram or
whatever it is, there's some new AI
thing that's taking over jobs, that's
changing all this other stuff. And and
something that was relevant today is
like next week is just irrelevant at
this point. So, people are scared to
make decisions. So, let's talk about how
do you take somebody who knows they need
to make a decision, right? Like the gap
of sales, which is current state and
future state. And and and and now I got
to I got to like I know I need to make
this because this but the risk of me
making this leap is so strong and I'm so
scared about it that I'm I'd rather do
nothing. So, that the challenge isn't
anymore no decision, the challenge is
indecision because people are just
scared to make decisions. So, how do you
bring this? How do you help somebody
who's scared, knowing that they have to
make this choice as a sales professional
or leader or somebody trying to guide
somebody through this, how do you how do
you address that?
>> Oh, man, that's so good. You're you're
asking some fantastic questions.
And and I I I sometimes I'll get caught
up on the first words you say because
you'll say everyone's so scared. You
said everyone's so scared and
everything's moving so fast. So, as soon
as we do that as soon as we do that, we
are invited into that hamster wheel.
>> Yep.
>> And and here's what we have to know.
>> [snorts]
>> That because everyone's scared and
because the world's moving so fast, the
greatest gift we can give any situation
is to slow down.
That is the greatest gift we can give
any situation. Let me tell you what that
means.
Because people [snorts] think when I say
slow when I say slow down, it means you
get less done. It doesn't mean you get
less done. It means you slow down your
thinking. You slow down your thinking by
slowing down your emotional reactions.
And that [snorts] takes us back to the
present. So, if I'm having a sales
conversation with someone and I know I
know speed is of the essence and I know
I got to close a deal and I know that
they're feeling indecisive, the best
gift I can do with them is just slowing
down.
And when I slow down, I can help them in
a very short period of time explore
their fear. See, no one's talking about
that.
>> [snorts]
>> No one's talking about "What are you
afraid of when it comes to making this
decision? What is it about this decision
that's stressing you so much?" So, so
now I'm back into connection. I'm back
into understanding. Now we can explore
that, right? Because within a sales in a
sales conversation, you got to keep the
conversation going. If I want to keep
the conversation going, I've got to stay
connected to the conversation. These
These These kinds of of exchanges
take minutes. People See,
[clears throat] what happens is when I
say slow down, people are like, "OH MY
GOD, I CAN'T SLOW DOWN. WHAT DO YOU
MEAN? I GOT SO MUCH I GOT SO MANY SALES
CALLS. I GOT TO
I GOT SO MANY PEOPLE I can't slow down."
Exact- That's the problem.
THAT IS THE PROBLEM, MAN. No one No one
is going to die.
>> No.
>> I say this all the time. I've been I've
been saying this I've been saying this
for 20 years.
>> Yeah.
>> You're not going to die. In that moment,
you are not going to die. And guess
what? You can't predict if you're going
to die or not. So, the greatest thing
you can do is just hold the reality that
you're not going to die. Breathe into
the moment, calm your brain stem, calm
your client's brain stem, and stay
present, and then move through to
getting the sale.
>> And I think that so
it's kind of
the challenge I find is if I had if I
was in front of you, Brian, right? If
you were a client of mine and you and I
had this conversation and we had to
ideally in person, you know what I mean?
So we could physically slow down
together. The challenge is is like once
you and I get off this call and then all
the other stuff happens in the
background, right? Now I'm stuck in this
digital world of trying to email you,
trying to text you, trying to get like
and so my communication
my intent of that communication is lost
because it's in digital format, right?
Because I mean we can talk about Albert
Munchins and you know, communication
model 835 57 and how 8% is the words,
but how do you convey
uh uh
love, if you will, and and and get
people to slow down without having the
the the human touch component and and
the reason I'm asking this is because I
feel like 2020 was a was a was a break
in us as a society. It it turned
everything digital and all these kids
grew up in this world that turned
everything so transactional. And so the
the art of slowing down, if you will,
has been digitized and and try to
manipulated and and I don't know how to
do it without Man, can we just can we
just go grab a coffee, man? Can we just
You know what I mean? Like cuz that's
where I get to know you. That's where I
get But how do you convey that or how do
you approach that
in a in a world that is that is forcing
us to swipe left, swipe right, look up,
look down, text instead of call?
>> I think that
the one thing that never changes about
the human condition
is that we all want to be in
relationship.
We are biologically engineered to be in
relationship. So in whatever capacity I
am going to engage you in, I want to
engage you in relationship.
So that first and foremost requires me
me
to slow down. Now, I could I could want
to run through 50 things in this
conversation. I'll tell people in my
lectures, I have when I first started
lecturing, I had 176
slides to cover a 6-hour day. I kid you
not. And I would get through all 176.
25 years later, I'm lucky if I can get
through five.
>> [snorts]
>> Because I just slow down
and I just go off of the natural feel of
what's coming up. I know I know my
information. I'm prepared.
And people walk out of the room feeling
inspired and feeling like they've
learned something because I am not
overwhelming them. And in this society
that we live in,
the [snorts] art of slowing down starts
it's the same it's the same as it has
been throughout humanity. It starts with
breathing.
It starts with breathing. It's going to
start and it's going to end with
breathing. Bruce Lee said, "The greatest
lesson you can learn in life is to
master the ability to be calm."
Herbert Benson was a was a physiologist
at Harvard in the '70s. He wrote a book
called The Relaxation Response. It's all
about
breathing because if you do not
condition yourself to breathe and write
it
I get a lot done. I have about five
companies. I've written 22 books. I
travel. I I have [clears throat] I have
seven kids. I have three grandkids. I
have a tremendous amount of
responsibility. I have a tremendous
amount of pressure.
But the greatest gift that I can give my
employees and my family
is my presence and my ability to slow
down.
And it doesn't mean we get less done. I
get a lot done in the day, but I've got
to slow down. And that can take 1
minute, 2 minutes, 5 minutes, or 30
minutes. Whatever it is that you need.
You know, just an hour before before we
got together, I was scrolling on
Instagram and I I'm always looking for a
little educational things and it says,
"Hold out your tongue for 40 seconds.
It's been proven to reduce cortisol by
20 by 20%." And I'm like,
>> All right, why not?
>> Okay,
40 seconds. And then I'm thinking as I'm
doing that,
how many people will discount that just
because number one, they feel weird
holding their tongue out, and number
two, they don't want to take 40 seconds
to hold their tongue out.
>> Right.
>> And and it's it's we it's just
just because the world has has
conditioned us to believe
that everything is now on this roller
coaster ride, doesn't mean we have to
buy into it. I believe that that is how
we continue to be disempowered.
>> Mhm.
>> We continue to be disempowered, which
allows us to be victimized, which allows
us to be reactive
>> Mhm.
>> simply because we're not slowing down.
We think I mean I I you know, I'm I'm a
little bit biased because I live in the
country in Texas. I have 8 acres. I have
a pond in my backyard. I can see cows. I
can see horses. This is as slow as it
gets. And let me tell you, when I I just
from LA and and it is fast. I remember
saying to my wife, "Oh my god, there's
so much going on here."
>> Yep.
>> Right?
You get in the you get you get
conditioned. You're you're programming.
Your brain gets conditioned. And the
only way you interrupt that is you have
to make a choice. And we we all have the
ability to make the choice.
>> That's funny. It's I So I had I had a
house in Costa Rica and
when I first went down there I
you know first I'm Boston right so I'm
this high D like go all day and right so
we have it was furnished but we didn't
have our stuff in it right so we went to
like whatever the Walmart is down there
right and I got these two huge cards
filled with everything you could
possibly imagine I'm in and I'm in the
line and I used to be a bagger when I
was a kid so I'm like shuffling these
bags and everything and the line starts
building up behind me right and I
started getting stressed cuz the poor
woman behind me had one item and if she
had come earlier I would have just let
her go right I was like oh man so now
I'm even more stressed and I'm moving
I'm moving right and and the last item
the last item of course doesn't have a
price tag right I'm like [laughter]
right and and and you know something I
wanted to it was something I wanted I
would have just been like ah never mind
but of course I price checked and I know
it's going to take forever right so I'm
looking at this line and I'm all
stressed out and the look on my face and
the woman literally she goes hey hey hey
hey she puts her hand on my shoulder she
goes hey hey
Pura Vida
which is their saying of pure life right
just live life and it's like when I tell
you it it melted like legitimately
melted every stress out of me at that
moment and I was like
thank you
it just takes one person just one person
to slow down
>> it just takes a moment that's all
>> that's why I like you you said it my out
of office is always
hey I'm not a brain surgeon and I don't
cure cancer so I'm guessing that your
email can wait until I get back
>> don't forget to smell the roses like
every single time right
>> and
so I I think that I that idea of us
slowing down is hard because of I mean
if you're not if you're in the
environment man you I mean I'm in tech
SAS Boston like go all the time and I
feel like I'm almost always on that
verge of the fight or flight scenario
here
so let's transition quickly to this new
Bondi a bondifier that you're working on
right now because this is this this
transition of AI leveraging AI and your
knowledge. And I'm curious, talk to us a
little bit about what it's about, but
also how you're using it to not lose the
human touch. But to to use AI to to
to
to benefit as opposed to remove the
human experience. Cuz that's a key
factor right now that I think all of us
are trying to deal with is like AI's
cool, but it it's it's I feel like it's
we're losing our humanity with it.
Because it's so easy to get an answer.
It's so easy to engage with as opposed
to a human that is complicated.
>> Mhm.
So we call we call Bondify the the
parenting support you needed in that
moment. And the reason I say this is cuz
every parent knows what that moment was.
And if every if every parent had the
ability
to text me, who's
one of the world's foremost child
behavior experts, and to get a response,
it could change the difference between a
negative outcome and potentially
creating a positive outcome. And that's
what Bondify is for. It's programmed
with 30 years of my knowledge. Parents
text it. You think you're talking to me.
I can't talk to 100,000 parents at one
time 24/7. But Bondify can. And let me
tell you why I started it. I started it
because I believe in mental health
mental health especially after COVID
mental health is moving towards virtual.
So people mental health professionals,
the very professionals that are supposed
to be trained to be able to sit and be
present and reflective with another
human being have has all begin
transitioning to virtual formats to the
point
>> [snorts]
>> that clinicians don't want to work in
homes anymore. They won't they don't
want to work knee to knee. And John,
I've spent 30 years working in living
rooms.
>> Yeah.
>> In living rooms all around the world. My
work, when I go to I have a whole
company in California. When we work with
at-risk adopted families, when I go to
California, I go to homes. I don't sit
in an office. So, we've moved from from
an office or in my instance, working in
a living room in a home with a family,
to now virtual. And I believe that the
platforms
that are having all these licensed
clinicians
using virtual to do coaching with
families, I believe they're all
collecting data and one day they're
going to say to those clinicians, "We
don't need you anymore." And all of a
sudden, avatars, AI avatars are going to
pop up. And people are going to be
getting coaching from AI avatars. And I
listen,
>> It's already happening. Yeah.
>> It's already happening. I know that that
my model of of connecting and supporting
is
as effective, more effective than
anyone's. So, why would I not provide
that platform? And then we still offer
live coaching. Like I have certified
coaches who if parent cuz Bondify's
free. You don't have to pay for it. You
can interact you can get you can get my
support for free 24/7. And then if you
want a live person, we have live people
that you can talk to.
>> Nice.
Love it. So, I think we'll we'll end it
there. It seems there's a lot more to
unpack here. So, but I'm going to leave
that to the book. I'm going to leave
that to Bondify and learn from more
people to check out. So, Brian, it's
been a pleasure. How can how can people
find out more information about what
you're doing and and
and the work that you're doing whether
it's with parents or or children or or
or business in general?
>> Just brianpost.com. brianpost.com
You can pretty much access my whole
world through there.
>> Love it.
Awesome, man. Well, like I said, it's
been an absolute pleasure having this
conversation, man. I really
>> much.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you so much.
>> And everybody, I hope you enjoyed the
conversation as much as I did. And like
I always said in the All Axis podcast,
go out there and make somebody smile
today cuz no matter how bad your day's
going or how bad you think it went, if
you make somebody smile today, you know
you had a good day. And the world needs
a lot more of that right now. So, thank
you all very much and I will see you on
the other side.
>> [music]
>> Hey, thanks again for listening to the
show and for all your support throughout
the years. This is one last reminder to
check out my training programs at
jbarrows.com or leave a five-star review
on your favorite podcast platform or G2
if you've already gone through my
training, or sign up for my newsletter.
Any of those will help ensure I can
continue [music] to bring you free
content and great conversations like the
ones you just heard without having to
annoy you [music] with sponsors.
Again, let's make it happen in 2026
together.
