Metadata:
{
  "expert": "John Barrows",
  "channel_name": "John Barrows",
  "video_id": "NlVM77SYKGs",
  "title": "How AI Agents Are Rewriting Sales with Kris Billmaier",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlVM77SYKGs",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1580,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
[music]
Hey everyone, welcome back to Make It
Happen Mondays where we talk about
sales, business, entrepreneurship,
personal growth, mental health, and
everything in between with guests who I
truly respect and I think make a
positive impact on the world around us.
Now this week I have Chris Bilmer on the
show. Chris is the EVP and GM of Agent
for Sales at Salesforce, which means he
runs the largest cloud at one of the
largest software companies on the
planet. This one is pretty personal for
me because Salesforce is where I built
my entire training business from [music]
2010 to 2018, training all those reps on
prospecting and the predictable revenue
model. That's where it all started, my
friends. Now, Chris grew up in the San
Jose Bay area and he used to go to work
with his dad at Sun Micro Systemystems
on weekends and resort the tech world
from the inside. He played baseball at
Notre Dame on scholarship, almost hit a
500 batting average in the NCAA
tournament. And he carries that team
first mentality into almost everything
he does. Now before Salesforce he was at
Microsoft during the shift from onrem to
cloud and before that he was at a
startup called Digio selling early DVRs
into the cable market where the product
won backto-back Emmy awards which is
actually [music] really cool. Now this
conversation goes straight at the thing
that scares me and should scare almost
every seller listening. Salesforce's own
SDR team deployed agent force agents to
handle the inbound leads they never had
capacity to touch [music] and in eight
months it generated over a hundred
million in pipeline. Their SDR leader
now manages 100 humans and the
equivalent of 400 agents. We get into
what that means for the SDR role, how
the sales rep job is evolving from
generalist to strategic relationship
orchestrator, and why Chris believes we
are headed back to full cycle sales. And
so do I, my friends. So, I hope you
enjoy this conversation as much as I
did. Let's make it happen.
>> Chris Bill Nyer, welcome to the Make It
Happen Monday podcast, my friend. How
you doing today?
>> I'm doing great. Thanks for having me.
Excited to be here.
>> Yeah, I'm looking forward to this one,
man. This is kind of bringing me back to
my roots of Salesforce cuz, uh, you're
running Agent Force these days, and
there is a whole lot to talk about with
that. But, uh, my my heyday of 2010 to
2018, training all those reps on
prospecting and the whole predictable
revenue, it's kind of where I built my
whole business, my whole ecosystem. So,
I got a lot to uh, appreciate about
Salesforce and I've been following the
ride ever since, man. So, this is going
to be a fun conversation.
>> That's awesome. You know, it's uh, it's
great to hear your background and so
much has changed since you started with
us, man. You know, the journey must be
uh, pretty amazing. It's f it was
fantastic to like be a part of quite
frankly and and also fascinating to now
from the outside watch to see how
Salesforce is is continuing to lead
quite frankly in this space where it's
getting real real interesting. So, we're
going to get into all that, but I I
always start my audience off with the
the origin story here, my friend. Uh,
and you got some you got some real uh
interesting Notre Dame baseball
statistics I want to get into. But even
before that, before that, talk to me
about where Chris comes from, like what
were some of your influences growing up,
parents growing up, kind of what what
can we learn about you without being,
you know, that's not on LinkedIn, let's
put it that way.
>> Yeah. So, born and raised in uh San Jose
Bay Area. Uh my dad was in tech from the
time I was born. Uh and so I kind of
have grown up with it. I remember going
with him to the office uh on the
weekends uh at Sun Micros Systemystems,
which is funny. It's now the Meta
Campus. uh and uh and just kind of
hanging out and just absorbing it all.
Uh and so that's kind of where I
started. We moved up.
>> Just real quick, was he on the sales
side or the or the tech side?
>> Started out in sales but had a computer
science degree. So, uh moved into the
tech side uh and then became a founder
uh and and ran a lot of different
companies. Was a CEO for Paul Allen for
a number of years. So, um I was uh kind
of kind of born into this. So, um a lot
of good influences growing up.
>> All right. So that because a lot of
times it's like adjacent. So but this
was spot on. This was like all right dad
like I'm going to kind of follow this.
But but you I mean obviously you're
pretty damn good at baseball, right? Did
you get a scholarship to go to Notre
Dame?
>> So got a scholarship to go to Notre
Dame. Uh was fortunate to do so. I never
set foot on campus uh before my
recruiting trip and
>> Oh no.
>> Oh yeah. It was awesome. Uh not not a
legacy guy or anything, but uh I hope to
build that legacy through my daughter
going there hopefully some point in
time. She's only eight. Um, but yeah,
loved my experience there. Spent four
great years playing with a bunch of
great guys uh on the baseball team.
>> Love it. You're a Rudy fan. You like the
movie or No,
>> I mean that's my guy cry movie when he
gets in every time. You know, it's my
favorite movie. Watch it. It's a
tradition in the Bill Meyer household.
You have to watch it before every
football season kicks off. [laughter]
>> Love it. All right. Because I didn't
know if that was a lovehate thing for
being there. Like so you might be like,
"No, that was terrible." But no, I'm
glad to hear it's actually [laughter]
I love it. Awesome. So, and then you I
mean you had some pretty good stats
obviously. I saw you had a almost a 500
batting average in the in the NCAA
tournament 3L time allar.
>> You know, it got hot when it mattered.
Uh a lot about baseball is a lot about
timing uh and finding the finding the
right time to get hot at the right time
and uh somehow I always did which was
which was awesome.
>> What were some of the things that that
you took from that experience related to
leadership? a lot of the stuff that you
applied today as far as you know seeing
the field different or leadership or
teamwork. What were some of those kind
of key takeaways from from that part of
your life?
>> Yeah, it's to me it's all about the
team. Uh and I I I'm one of those that
like I never try to put individual
success over what the team can
accomplish together. Uh and it's funny
when we hire folks, I try to hire what I
consider to be athletes. Somebody you
could put a put on the field and they'll
just figure it out. Um, but I think, you
know, when you look at it, uh, the
greatest thing that was ever said to me
is the greatest could ever be on a team
is a great teammate.
>> And so that, you know, that's something
I I carry with me to this day. It's like
you build a great team, you work
together, you win together, it kind of
doesn't matter what you're doing.
>> Um, if you have that camaraderie, that
teamwork, and that win together kind of
mindset. So, I mean, that's kind of the
bottom line for me in everything I do.
>> Love it. Yeah, it's it's amazing. Like
you could have the best product, best
service, best fit, all that stuff, but
if you you don't got the right people on
the bus, man, it doesn't go very fast.
But if you got the right people, you all
those other things might not even be
great, but you can do some fantastic
things. I always look back at the uh
this the Sony I don't know if you ever
heard the origin story of Sony where,
you know, he just got together with a
bunch of friends and was like, "Let's
build a company." And they were like,
"What are we going to build?" He's like,
"I don't know, but we'll figure it And I
think like the first their their first
product was a a rice maker that that
burned up and broke and then their
second one was like a a heating pad and
it like that they started to get some
traction with that and then one thing
leads to another and it becomes Sony
because the core group that he had built
there which was I always find fantastic.
>> That's amazing. It's a great background
story. It's a great uh methodology for
how you go into the world today I think.
>> Yeah. So then you kind of got into it
right? So you started at uh let's see
you were business development after that
right in Comcast chart you had some uh
what was it Comcast charter in Adelfi
Time Warner cable with Diego so you
managed those accounts. Yeah. So, the
company was called uh Digio. We built uh
was back in the day of uh early DVRs.
So, like dual tuner, record two shows at
once, uh video on demand, all that. And
so, yeah, our job was to go out and try
and you know, sell into the cable
market. Uh which, you know, not easy. A
lot of uh entrenched embedded players
and we were the new kid on the block.
So, that was a lot of fun. Did that for
about 3 years. Uh and you know at that
company it was it was a startup you
about 150 people. Uh cool thing about
that was you're close to the product and
the the team had built a really amazing
product there that actually won
backtoback Emmy awards for outstanding
user interface and experience. Oh, damn.
>> Um, and so the cool thing for me was I
got to see how the the sausage was made
and that's where I really learned about
product and design and and just overall
user experience and lessons I learned
there, you know, still come with me
today.
>> What were because you were selling
against some pretty big dogs in a tough
market, brand new. What were, you know,
and Salesforce back in the day was the
same thing. Cloud nobody knew of. So,
what were like from a sales standpoint,
what was your approach? I mean obviously
the product was great so that helped but
being an unknown going into a market
with a bunch of known was there a
specific strategy that you and the team
took to that or was it just like carpet
bump let's go right now it was a little
bit of both but the thing I always found
to work the best was get it if you have
an amazing product get in get demos and
what we always did was we'd meet with
all the execs and then we put it in
their house
>> to make sure that they were living with
the product and seeing the difference
that it made and you know if you if you
experience something every day, if
you're in it, you really see how it can
affect others. And so I'm always product
first. If you give me a chance to
present to anybody, I'm not showing
slides. I'm showing a demo and I'm
talking about how this can change the
way you operate.
>> So I mean that was kind of the origin
like early days of PLG then, right, for
you like getting it get it in their
hands. So what are your what what's your
take on PLG these days? Cuz I think
there is a lot of like I need to see
this. I need to use this first before
I'm going to buy it. So, how's that
deal, you know, especially in enterprise
sales? That's not exactly the right, you
know, the easy play because you can't
just get a bunch of users free and then
see what happens in the back in the day.
So, where where you at with PLG these
days?
>> So, we actually launched a premium
experience uh at at Salesforce about I
think it was back in March. Um, and you
know, we actually it's interesting
because Salesforce traditionally a
salesled company
>> is trying to move to more productled and
adoption focused and usually it's the
other way around.
>> Right.
>> Right. companies usually start
productled and then move into the
salesled. So, it's something we're
absolutely focused on um making
experiences for users so users can try a
bunch of different capabilities that we
have and kind of tip into them easily.
>> But I think we're almost at another
inflection point uh to productled growth
which is agentled growth.
>> Okay. How do agents and product
experiences really unlock those
capabilities for users kind of guiding
you along the path telling you what you
need to do next? And from a Salesforce
standpoint, I actually think we're
moving to a place where, you know,
conversation becomes the new
customization. And that will be very
agent-led for us uh in product, you
know, out outside of product, outbound.
Um but I I just I really think it's
going to be the center of everything.
People need to try an experience.
>> Say that in conversation become Say that
one more time. I think I I want to make
sure that
>> I think I think you know Salesforce has
been huge in terms of how we customize
our overall experience, right?
>> But I think when you're able to start
talking to the product and talking to
agents in product,
>> yeah,
>> you're going to get to a point where the
conversation you have with with the
product actually customizes the outcome.
>> Okay, cool. So, so where I guess this is
a different question that I was going to
ask earlier, but I'm curious now because
I'm starting to see the unlock here with
Claude and Claude Co-work and these
connectors like these MCP or MS MCPS,
right? Uh where it's the connector and
there was I mean I I'll say it there
there's been a few real unlocks with me
with software, right? Because you know a
lot of times when you're setting up
these cadences and all this other stuff
and you know it's like ah god I got to
get in there. I got to configure this
and then I got to use it and all where
um all of a sudden a connector comes in
and I can just Claude knows me. It knows
everything about me and I could just
talk into it and be like, "Hey, could
you go into that software, configure it,
do all this other stuff?" And so now I
don't even have to go in there. So where
is Salesforce
in the the I guess I don't want to say
fight but fight for the user I will say
fight for the user interface because I'm
I'm kind of starting to look into this
and say is every pick your AI platform
one of the big ones and is that going to
be my world right cuz we're all fighting
for this and and and I know Salesforce
was kind of cloud and it was system of
record great so now we're going to live
in Salesforce and then you had these
tools like sales loft and outreach come
out and say oh no no No, no, no, no. You
could still keep Salesforce as a system
of record, but we want you to live in
our platform. And now you have these AI
tools going on top of them and saying,
"No, no, no, no. You don't. Yeah, you
can maybe still use those as systems
record, but you really just need one
interface. It's going to know everything
about you, and you can just tell it to
go do what you want to do, i.e. agents."
So, where is Salesforce's strategy
related to the clouds and the open AIs
of the world looking to be that
interface that people engage with?
>> So, it's a great it's a great question.
Um, we want to be where our customers
want us to be. I mean, we just announced
that, you know, we're we're effectively
headless at this point in time. And, you
know, customers have been using our APIs
for years to build custom experiences
with their data sets. And I think that
that paradigm doesn't really change. the
intelligence layer that you know the
clouds and the open AIs of the world
have built shifts it slightly but um
we're really embracing the whole
headless mindset uh you know I think
about where I innovate uh I innovate in
lightning uh in our traditional
interface but I also spend a ton of time
innovating in Slack
>> because I think those default Slack
experiences
um where Salesforce is effectively the
system of record but also the system of
intelligence returning into a
conversation first AI layer
[clears throat]
>> is what people want. And we built an
integration with chat GBT as well. We
just announced our integration with uh
Google Gemini. Um we're going to be
doing, you know, more and more with all
of the different players where sellers
live uh and work. And my hope is that
you know for people or companies who
want to configure all of that and do all
the work themselves and you know have
claude code stand up and take all their
data and you know create amazing
outcomes you can do that or you can use
the out of the box capabilities that we
build on the same surface areas and
throughout this I think of Salesforce
returning intelligent results based on a
query and that's what's most important
to me.
So
fundamental shift here, right, with
Salesforce as a business model. Um, you
went through that at Microsoft to a
certain degree, right? Because you were
there for eight years and and I think
was it the 365 to M and M6 M365, right?
>> I was I was lucky enough to hit a bunch
of great timing at Microsoft where we
had a lot of shifts. So I started uh in
Microsoft in office when we were just
about to go 0365
>> and that transition from onrem to the
cloud was super interesting to be a part
of. Um and then I was there for another
shift which was the whole company kind
of focused on Azure and platform and you
know spinning meters on Azure with all
of the apps moving to the cloud and
driving those consumptive uh
methodologies. So, um, yeah, I was I was
there from Office 365 to Azure to M365
and and got to see a lot of it up front.
>> What were what was harder,
the internal shift or the external shift
for that? And and when I say that like
the internal shift of Microsoft and how
you ran business and and the positioning
and the messaging and the shifting the
sales team and all that stuff versus the
customer shift and getting them to shift
to from onrem to cloud like what was
more challenging obviously both but
>> I mean that's the answer but you know I
I think internally uh you know this is
the in the wayback machine but
internally for me it was always like we
understand the shift and we understand
that this business could get disrupted
if we don't disrupt ourselves.
>> Mh.
>> And [clears throat]
I think the best companies do that. I
think when these major shifts happen
like onrem to cloud and you know mobile
and social and you know agentics and and
generative
in each one of these phases the best
companies adopt understand that they're
going to have to cannibalize something
but at the end of the day will come out
ahead because you've adopted this new
business model or this new mindset on
how products are built and shipped. So
then let's let's not relate that to the
SAS world now, right? Because one of the
things that you hear all the time is SAS
is dead, right? AI is going to eat SAS.
It's like why you know the models run
the pricing models wrong. It's about
consumption now and it's so much easier
to build versus buy. So you have these I
think the sales forces and the bigger
ones of the world obviously you have a
moat right from a customer standpoint.
You also have the investment in the
technology to to make that shift. But
like mid-market SAS, there's kind of a
panic going on in mid-market SAS right
now because you have a lot of these
companies who are in a lot of ways
putting lipstick on a pig, right? Like
say, "Yeah, we're AI," but it's not like
it's just maybe an interface with with
chat GBT or something like that. So, how
do how does how do companies make that
shift in a real way? And I guess from
your standpoint with what you're seeing
with AI right now, is it is it a
fundamental shift in like do they need
to rebuild the like in this new AI world
or is there a transition phase here
where they can leverage AI to make this
transition into whatever this new model
is? I I think it's kind of company
dependent frankly and I think there are
companies that right now you're seeing
companies that are adding a dot AI and
then there are companies that are
embracing AI entirely and I think if
you're not embracing AI entirely there's
a potential for some pretty significant
disruption to your business. From our
standpoint the way I think about it is
we created great SAS applications.
uh I am now entirely rethinking them in
an AI first world. And I look at
everything we've built and I'm saying,
you know, if you're not AI native and AI
first in all of these capabilities,
>> you're going to get disrupted. But I
look at it as like there are three
things in the sales process that will
always remain true, right? You need to
need to grow pipeline, uh you need to
grow ad deals, and you need to grow
revenue. And the way we've done them in
the past has been, you know, sometimes
messy, sometimes manual, but those three
things are going to persist. The way we
accomplish them is going to change
forever. And so when I think about the
top of the funnel, I think about inbound
and outbound. And and really what's the
outcome that we want? Well, we want to
create pipeline. We want to get meetings
with individuals. We want to qualify
leads. And we want our sellers to be
entirely ready for those meetings to
walk in on day one and make it feel like
day 100.
>> But as I think about the top of the
funnel, all of that can be accomplished
agentically. You shouldn't have to touch
that. The old way of booking meetings, I
think going back I mean you know this
like how many times in your career did
you go back and forth with a customer
four hours over email to try and book a
meeting? What a waste of time. Yeah.
just set an agent on it and let it
happen. And that's what we're doing. And
we're building those out of the box for
our customers.
>> All right. [clears throat] So, I'm going
to skip to the the questions I I really
wanted to get to here. This I'll back
into some other ones cuz
>> I agree. Um,
and that scares the out of me quite
frankly because especially with what
Salesforce has created this model. We
talked about it before we jumped on
here. you know, the predictable revenue
model, the segmentation of roles, the
SDR, BDR, AE segment, you know, SE, you
know, what you're talking about is the
SDR BDR role basically being automated
100%. And and it can be and I and I look
at the inbound specifically as far as
speed delete, you know, speed to
response and and insights and all those
type of things. So if you're a SDR BDR
right now and you're seeing this trend
with this stuff being more personalized,
faster, better, some of these are even
making phone calls and having real
conversations with people qualifying
them to a certain degree.
What
what are you telling your what well
let's go direct like what are you
telling the SDRs and BDRs at Salesforce,
right? forget about everybody else, but
like what are the SDRs and BDRs at
Salesforce doing right now to level up
so that they don't get replaced?
>> They're using our agents. So, it's
really this is a really interesting
story. So, we at Salesforce, we have uh
our lead score is one to five, right?
So, when we get inbound,
>> um three to five are our highest. They
go to a human uh SDR quality because
they're higher than your for years. our
ranking of one and two, we didn't touch
them because we didn't have the human
capacity
>> to to show up and actually handle that
lead volume. But that was 75% of our
lead volume.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, what we did was we said, "Okay, what
we're going to do is we're going to
assign our engagement agent to follow up
with all of these ones and twos that
have never been touched in the past."
>> And it's what it's done. It's crazy.
It's generated over $und00 million a
pipe in the last eight months. and it's
closing ACB, but it's augmenting our
SDRs and it's augmenting our SDR leader.
So, our SDR leader now manages a team of
like 100 individuals and the equivalent
of 400 SDR
agents.
>> Mhm. So it to me the SDR and BDR role,
it's about learning to embrace a team of
agents to make your job more efficient
and effective and turn you into a 10x
seller.
>> And and I that's one more thing I'll
tell you. The woman who leads our SDR
team,
>> she told me, you know, an SDR comes out
of college and they're hoping to make 12
15 phone calls a day and they're making
three. and they're making three because
they're spending all their time
prospecting or sorting through the
inbound garbage that comes in versus
>> understand where to leverage agents and
understand that the humanto human
connection is the thing that's going to
matter most in qualifying those leads
>> and and help me clarify qualifying from
your perspective, right? Because there's
a lot of qualification that happens even
before they hit we have this
conversation, right? I mean that we can
look at intent, we can look at their
profile, we can look at all these things
and see how they are. So we we can we
can a lot of us I mean I think three of
the most insulting things you can say to
a prospect at this point. Tell me about
your business. Tell me about your
priorities and what keeps you up at
night. Those are three of the most
insulting things I think you could say
to somebody at this point because it's
so easy to figure that out. So talk to
me about qualifying and what is that
experience and let's say on the inbound,
right? What does that experience look
like? What does that rep come to the
table? those three those three, fours,
and fives, right, that are
highqualified, intent driven.
>> Is it is the rep now taking that and
booking the meet and and the meeting's
already booked and they're coming with
insights or they're following up?
They're doing the research. Help me
understand that that value right there.
So it it I'd say it depends, but in the
in the the highest valued cases for us,
we've understood and had a conversation
with the prospect via an agent in
advance. And so we know enough about
that to build an account plan
>> and probably do background research uh
already through our through our agents
that are actually prospecting
>> to build that kind of
>> call it a point of view document or a
meeting prep so that when the meeting is
booked hopefully by the agent and not by
the human uh that the individual can
walk into the meeting and say oh here we
are I know everything that I need to
know um I know the five questions that I
actually need to ask without doing the,
you know, cold prospecting that you're
talking about. Tell me about your
business. Like all the things the web
knows that you don't need to know and
all the other things that the LLMs know
that we can just build a document
around. And that's exactly how how we're
trying to operate in the best case
scenarios.
What percentage? You know, there's a
there's a Gartner stat that came out
back in 2022 about how on average 43% of
people want a rep-f free experience, but
they wanted a 23 but they had a 23%
higher regret rate when they bought when
they didn't talk to a human. I think
that number is now up to 67% of the
people want a rep-free experience. But
when they I think the new version of
this is when they do talk to a rep, it's
a 1.8 times higher close rate. So that
it's a closing. It's not a regret rate
anymore. It's a closing rate. Where are
you seeing the shift of of or where are
you seeing the inflection point of
people still wanting to talk to a human
and and being like, you know what, I can
I can do this with either the agent or
or Claude or whatever it is. And and the
reason I say this is because the the
history of Salesforce was well the
history of the cloud, right? At first
the cloud came out or like let's even
talk about old school like credit cards,
right? Like at first it was like put
your credit card online you out of your
mind and then it was like all right if
something's like 10 bucks I'll throw my
credit card online and then it was like
okay 50 bucks and then like I bought a
Tesla online you know what I mean? So it
was like okay never mind. Same thing
with cloud. Oh it's cute for small
businesses but then State Farm you know
$150 million broke that barrier for
Salesforce is like no the cloud is here.
>> Where are we right now in that phase of
people being comfortable buying from AI?
cuz this is my biggest fear of this
entire shift that we're going through.
It's not the sales automation. It's not
the tools that are replacing sales reps.
It's when the client wakes up and
realizes they do not need us because
they can get better information. And one
more piece of context, you know, I had I
had this conversation with somebody
like, "Oh, no, no, no." You know, good
sales reps always know what kind of
questions to ask. the client. So, okay.
Hey, uh Claude, could you act as the
best sales rep from Salesforce.com and
ask me the questions that I don't know
that I should be asking myself? Like, it
it's kind of a hard argument right now.
And I know like SMB there's there's some
personal components to this, but is
there a dollar figure? Is there a
complexity? Is there a piece where
you're just like, nope, this is still
where the human matters and where people
are not comfortable just auto buying
whatever?
>> Yeah, I think well, I think it always
depends on the human. I think there are
early adopters to shift into the, you
know, I just want to throw my credit
card down to your point and I just want
to buy online. I just want friction-free
experiences. I mean, we've been there
for years now, right? I mean, but to me,
buying online and getting educated is is
something that,
>> you know, the a lot of people already
do. Does it become easier with Claude
and Chad P? Yeah, sure. Absolutely does.
Mhm.
>> I [clears throat] think there is a
dollar value, but I think there also is
just kind of the overall experience that
you want. Like when you bought your
Tesla online and you followed up for
your first maintenance, you know, that
account that was built, the
understanding of you, there's moments in
every buying cycle where an individual
needs to insert themselves. I think
whether it's post acquisition of a Tesla
or a tool online,
there's always going to be that mindset
and moment when somebody wants to
interact with somebody else. At least
that's my point of view. Um, for me,
I'll give you my my personal like if I'm
going to make a big purchase, I want to
talk to somebody. And I think it's
beholden upon the rep at that point in
time to make sure that the engagement
with the customer is of high value
because what you're talking about when
you're going back to is like don't ask
the canned questions. Be prepared.
Understand who your buyer is.
>> Uh and I think the tools that we're
providing are really enabling that
because I I think that is that that's
the key for sellers. understand the
tools, understand the capabilities, and
when you get that at bat, have the
highest quality experience with the
buyer you possibly can.
>> And and I'm I'm going to bring this up.
We talked about it before, and this is
where I I agree. And and again, I'm
scared. I agree for guys like you and I,
man. You know, we've been there, done
that. I you know, we put in the grind.
We we did the manual stuff, right? All
the all the stuff that gave us the
context for you and I right now to have
this conversation without a scripted
list of questions. You know what I mean?
And so I can be dynamic. I can look at
AI and say, "Okay, yeah, that needs to
be automated, but this doesn't." I can
call BS on AI when it boldface lies and
I know it even though it sounds awesome
from a you know, but the 20 I keep
coming back to this the the entry level.
You're hearing all the stuff and so
looking back like entry- level jobs are
over like and and it's hard to argue
that they're not. So, how does how does
that 22-year-old kid gain the like again
the question, what are the fundamentals
anymore and and where they come from?
And yes, we can use AI to be smarter,
but if there's no context of the why,
which is what I'm personally trying to
train reps, is I'm trying to train them
back on the on the fundamentals and the
why behind the output. So, when they get
that kick-ass email, when they get that
awesome prep doc that has some great
questions, they understand why they're
asking them. they're not just asking
them. So, how are you enabling that at
Salesforce right now for the younger
generation to get that context to
understand the why so they can have a
valuable conversation that isn't just
reading what AI is telling them to read
because it's a great question to ask.
Chris,
>> I think learning is different now,
right? I mean, I I think if you go back
to like
>> how you learned to sell,
>> I actually think if we I haven't done
this, but I think if we did a compare of
like how guys like you and I learned how
to sell back in the day, you could
probably take what we did in three years
and convert that to two months. And I I
think like the context and the insights
exist.
You think you don't think you don't
think the doortodoor holy crap like
walking the streets getting thrown out
of offices getting you know what I mean
sitting face to face with somebody off a
Zoom reading body language you you you
think that can be truncated into two
months versus three years
>> I think maybe not two months but I think
we're on a much faster adoption scale of
understanding the bad beats and
understanding like the why I screwed
that up and I think about like we built
a product
>> it's all about coaching
So you sit in front of an AI and you
talk to it and you give it your pitch
and it gives you your feedback based on
the knowledge of the account and all. So
I think the I think your point about
context is very very spot-on.
>> And I think what we're doing is we're
taking that context and we're leveraging
it to scale our sellers up so they don't
have to establish the context themselves
if that makes sense. But I do think it's
a
it's a challenging time. Like we're
we're bringing folks in and you got to
learn fast, but we're still hiring a
bunch of reps. So, I mean, that's not
changing for us. We just think about our
reps being 10x reps now.
>> Have have let's go back to the hiring
piece that you said before as far as
team and what you're looking for. Great
teammates. H has the profile changed in
in your experience from pre-AII, if you
will, to to now AI with with the sales?
Like, so are you looking for different
characteristics now than you were
looking for back before AI really kind
of took over here?
>> I don't It's a really good question. I
don't think so. Because what I've always
been looking for are people who are
curious,
>> who are going to use the latest and
greatest tools to their advantage, who
are going to figure out how to augment
themselves in order to be,
>> you know, A players.
>> And you know, we we talk about hiring. I
like people say, do you want an A or a B
player? At certain times, I was like, I
only want A players. Yeah. And so if you
can be an A player in this world,
understand how the technology around you
can affect you and embrace it like
without fear, I think those are the kind
of people we're looking to hire. What's
the conversation a sales rep has to have
right now in an interview, right?
Because I had a buddy who was uh you
know, he was out of work for about a
year, right? And and I you know, not as
you know, directly connected all the
time. So I got caught up with him a
couple times, didn't know what he was
going through, and come to find out he
was literally looking for a job for a
year and he was an accountant. Um, and
he wasn't a CPA, he was an accountant.
And he was kind of looking and he was
like, "Yeah, I've sent out hundreds of
resumes and you know, whatever." And I I
said, "Where are you with AI?" And he
goes, "Uh, well, you know, I use it
update my resume." I'm like, "Oh,
Jeremy." I'm like, "Oh, God." Okay. Um,
I go, "Here, I know why you're not
getting interviewed in jobs." I go, "You
you need to walk in and be like, hey,
um, I get it. I I've learned actually
80% of my job is relevant. I can
automate it all with AI, but the reason
you're going to hire me is for this 20%
here because of my experience and
everything else. And if you can't have
that conversation, right, you're you're
not going to get past, you know, the the
screener at the end of the day. So from
a sales rep standpoint, how much of
their like what do they need to show in
that interview for the curiosity and
those type of things, but as it relates
to their aptitude with AI versus just
answering really good questions that you
know that about how they would approach
an account or something like that.
>> I mean I think the being totally
prepared and having great answers to
hard questions is you know that's
fundamental and baseline to
>> table stakes. I you know regardless of
AI when I think about hiring great
people I think about like how are you
going to show up and tell me something
different
>> than everybody else and so what's your
key differentiation and in this world
maybe it's what's your key
differentiation with AI have you built
you know your your own SDR agent right
that can handle things for you like are
you bringing two of you into a job
versus just you like those are those are
interesting conversations to have
because you know when you talk about
like how would you handle creating
pipeline, right?
>> I wouldn't ever want anybody to tell me,
yeah, you know, I'm going to go on to
LinkedIn and I'm going to, you know, do
this and that. It's like, oh, you're
going to, you know, you're going to
create your own pipe agent
>> or you're going to use a pipeline agent
that, you know, Salesforce or somebody
else built for you. But going in and
having that educated mindset about how
the job is actually already been
augmented and [clears throat] where you
need to shine to me are like the key
things that that have ch have changed
but kind of stayed the same a little
bit.
>> Yeah. True.
>> All right. Let's shift to the the
customer.
>> Yeah. Um and and there's transition
customers are going through right now
because the the things that are common
themes that for that I talk about a lot
and and think about a lot are this whole
indecision phase that we're in right I
talk a lot about you know challenger
sale challenger customer and the and the
book jolt effect and how I think the
book jolt effect I I think it nails the
problem we're all faced with right now I
don't know if it nails the answer quite
frankly but the problem of you know
everybody says no decisions the biggest
you know uh competitor of all sales reps
But it's actually indecision. And the
reason is is because things are moving
so fast right now and there's so many
options that people are just scared to
make decisions. They So, so with that
and you layer on the MIT study and
however flawed people might think it be
like 90 whatever percent of AI
initiatives have failed. You look at all
these stats that AI implementation has
has a false promise here, right? It's
promised all this efficiencies and this
revenue, but most companies aren't
seeing it yet. So, how does a company
make a decision? right now in this world
of AI to a make a decision in this very
complex fastmoving world and b do it so
that it's it it actually makes a
difference cuz I I'm seeing a lot of
companies just be all right here's
Claude giddy up go to work right what
are you seeing the successful companies
do to to make this transition with AI
>> it's it's going to sound overly
simplistic um it's something we actually
went through it's identifying your key
use case like narrow. It's not I want to
work all my leads tomorrow using an
agent. It's okay, let's get specific.
What segment are we talking about? You
know, what are we trying to accomplish
as an outcome? How are we measuring
this? And actually treating these agents
like a new employee and how would you
train that new employee? So for us when
we look at this wherever I go in front
of the customer my whole thing is okay
what's your use case what do you want to
measure what does success look like and
what's our training plan for this agent
to actually learn and be efficient and
get the context of your company
>> and I'll say when we built our first
sales agent uh at at Salesforce and we
deployed on our website it was the
product me and the product team it was
uh representatives from our sales team
it's representatives from our marketing
team and our IT team all working
together in one group to define those
capabilities and characteristics and
then it was somebody's job to make sure
this thing was learning was
understanding was writing better emails
was being measured [clears throat]
>> against itself but against humans and
against and so I really think it's about
like your use case your discipline your
your criteria setting treating this like
a new employee who needs to be trained
and making it somebody's job to
continually train it. And so that those
are what have been successful for us. Um
and the onboarding is incredibly
important, but the decision-m up front
is critical.
>> And h where does the how does the sales
rep fit into that equation when 80 plus%
of the buying decision process
experience is is being done without
them. And probably 80% of the buying
committee is people they don't even
know. So, so where like I guess once
they're like let's call it discovery,
right? Uh you know, okay, we get good
discovery, you know, prep for the
meeting. You and I have a call is great.
Let's try this out next steps. All those
things that happen behind the behind the
door, right? What is the what is the
sales rep's positioning now of value and
how they stay engaged in that process to
try to add value throughout? because I
think it's it's really hard to guide the
process these days when there's so much
that people can do internally,
especially if you give them playing, you
know, around with agents, let them to
build their own stuff. So, how are you
um coaching reps or how's your team
coaching reps on h how to add value
throughout without being a hey uh I'm
still here. I'm still here. I'm still
here. and without obviously the other
flip side of that is having a very
detailed mutual action plan that
everybody agrees to which is obviously
the best case scenario but you know that
doesn't always happen. I we like to talk
about being strategic adviserss.
>> Um and by the way that this isn't just a
sellers uh job. I think it's a team's
job to like
>> we have product we have sometimes four
deployed engineers. We have sellers all
thinking about what's the customer's
goal and how do we help them get there.
You know kind of I wouldn't call it a
mutual action plan or an agree to action
plan. I would say that you have an
agreed to set of scenarios that you're
helping to bring strategic insights
based on either your own experiences,
your company's experiences, or your
other customer example experiences to
build that credibility. And so I think
it's I think it's about getting in there
>> sometimes not selling sometimes just
advising
>> uh and and being that expert because
while a lot of people can play around
with AI and trying to build agents you
know your MIT survey it's 91% failure
for a reason.
>> Yeah.
>> Because a lot of companies try and go it
alone versus embracing teams and people
who've been there who understand it and
who can be that strategic adviser along
the way. Yeah, I think it's that that's
the part it's almost, you know, I went
from believing in the past that sales
reps can, you know, be the generalist,
right, where it's, okay, I I'm the
quarterback. I'm bringing all these
pieces together and I'm I'm helping
guide the process and and and helping
you buy, right? But then when AI first
showed itself and I was like, "Oh, now
you know 70% of the rep, you know,
clients know before they even talk to us
or the client's so much more educated
now. We actually have to have deep
product knowledge." But then I backed
off of that saying, well, actually, not
really. We just know need to know how to
use AI and actually almost learn out
loud with the client. So instead of me
saying, "Actually, Chris, I don't know
the answer to that question. Let me get
back to you or let me pull in, you know,
somebody else." You know what? Let's
just open up the agent right now. Let's
let's ask it some questions. Let's
figure this out together. Right. And and
>> a great statement. I love that. Learning
out loud. That's awesome.
>> Yeah, that's my actually that's my my uh
my whole uh uh newsletter and
everything. It's called the JB Sales
Learning Lab and it's all about just
learning out loud because I know I'm not
the smartest kid out there, but I I got
enough access to some smart people and
I'm just going to learn out loud and and
see what happens and and you know,
hopefully figure out some stuff along
the way.
>> I mean, I think that's the mindset,
right? we're learning out loud together
because I mean there's a lot of there's
a lot of depth and a lot of knowledge in
these areas but it's that kind of
mutually learning together as we embrace
all these new technologies that's going
to kind of win the day. Uh so
positioning like that it's phenomenal.
>> Yeah. And it hopefully breeds a little
bit of trust right going back to that
trusted you know trusted adviser the
consultant. So with the knowledge piece
I mean it goes back to when knowledge is
a commodity at the end of the day and
you said you got a nine-year-old uh is
it daughter you said?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I gota by the way after this I I
got to get your address. I'll send you
one of the books I wrote with my
daughter. Uh it's called awesome.
>> I want to I wrote it. It's called I want
to be in sales when I grow up. Uh yeah,
it's also but but you know knowledge is
a commodity at this point, right? I mean
it's any one of us can have the smartest
whatever on our on our side. So you know
IQ
EQ everything. So with what you're
seeing, how are you thinking about and I
know this is a long lead but we're going
to go backwards. Um
how are you seeing this evolve here?
Like my daughter's 15.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know if college is going to be a
thing in the next couple years here for
her. Right. I I want the college
experience for her cuz I want the social
component to it, the EQ side of it. But
to drop 80 grand a year uh to get a
$50,000 a year job like that is going to
be irrelevant. Like that I doubt that
like that ain't happening. So I I guess
what are you doing now for your daughter
seeing what you're seeing with all these
agents and and knowing right now at 9
years old you kind of have to learn how
to learn, right? So for you know AI can
take a step back for for a minute here
uh because you got to develop the brain
and how critical thinking all that fun
stuff but I guess what are you seeing
the future for your daughter when she
gets into this world of ours?
>> That's a big question. Uh but you
answered the first thing I was going to
say which is learning how to learn.
Yeah,
>> if you can learn how to learn and you
can always be curious uh and evolve how
you think about all the tools that are
in front of you that can help you be
more effective. Uh I think that's the
first step. Um second step for me is I
it's kind of tied to the EQ thing, but
it's also encouraging creativity
>> because I think we still need creators.
M
>> we still need builders who think
creatively and can put these tools to
use in the, you know, the absolute right
direction. So to me, I think it's a it's
a it's a it's the three-fold. It's
strong EQ, learning how to learn, and
how to be a creative individual. And I
think that, you know, it's not it's a
pretty simple answer, but it's the one
that I'm sticking to right now. [snorts]
>> Yeah. And I mean, look, I I I agree. And
you know it goes to like I I ask this
question a lot is you know curiosity for
instance I I believe it's the superpower
of the future right is like if you're
curious is this the the world's you know
your oyster at this point if you're a
creator the world is you I mean do it
right the the challenge I have though is
that I and I think I've come to this
conclusion that you are either born cur
natur like na fundamentally naturally
curious or you're not I think you can
become curious in things but I don't I I
don't necessarily know if some people
are actually born naturally. Everybody's
born naturally curious. I think there's
a portion of us that are. So with that
curiosity like how do you foster that?
Cuz my fear is or or the here's my
optimism optimism pessimism. My optimism
is for right now if you are a creator
and you are curious like I said like oh
my god that it is unbelievable what you
can do what you can create what you can
build.
But for the people that aren't kind of
the status quo people, the ones who are
just I just want a job. I just want to
do my thing. I'm I'm the B player,
right? AB player thing. I'm the B player
that just I am terrified for those
people. So, how do you how do you
address that? Because I think that's a a
a much larger part of our population.
And I'm not just talking sales. I'm
talking our macro environment here.
Don't you think that uh well, let me get
it back to you real quick. Don't you
think that we'll I mean I don't think we
ever stop evolving in how we we come to
things and I think like I I think the
the next evolution is to that curious
and it's a lot about how we're raised
and a lot about how we think and a lot
about the you know socioeconomic things
that surround us. I think my guess is by
nature
we become more curious because that's
the way that this next generation is
going to be raised because their parents
were, you know, ingrained and
ingratiated with AI that we had to
learn. It was thrust upon us.
>> Now my daughter and and your daughter,
they're like, "No, we're born in AI."
And and that promotes that curiosity and
just a different mindset and a different
view of the world. So that's my hope
anyway.
>> Yeah, it's my hope too. It's just I it's
kind of like I, you know, we live in the
tech world, right? And I mean, I'm at
least here on the East Coast in Boston,
so it's not as as bananas as it is in
San Francisco. It always has, but I but
I always joke, you know, for me as as a
sales trainer and doing what I'm doing
in SAS and tech, and I'm like, oh my
god, like I'm like I'm I'm getting
behind, right? And then I realize if I
pull myself out of SAS and tech, it it's
like sales 1985 all over again, right?
And and so so same thing with a creator.
It's like oh we're all creators here.
Look at all like look at the vibe that
we're all in these you know but then you
go to you know middle America to you
know the you know and it's just I'm
doing my job man like I'm just got the
same damn job been doing it for years
you know I like my 9 to5 so I can go to
my kids and do my thing and whatever.
And the displacement there, I think, is
coming faster than anybody knows because
the 1% are the ones that are paying
attention to this and how fast it's
moving and and all the things it can do.
And I think that wave is going to hit a
lot harder to the to the mass population
than any other wave has. And I'm trying
to figure out how to bridge this gap for
people to help them understand the
urgency and the opportunity without the
panic and the pessimism of the
Terminator, we're all going to, you
know, universal income, all that crap.
So any kind of parting words to to give
comfort to nonsas tech leading you know
people out there that are listening to
us being like those guys are freaking
crazy you know whatever it's you know
we'll go from there. So any any parting
words for that group of people to say
how what to do right now?
>> Well I think people like you and I are
definitely in it. We're definitely
feeling it. We're definitely feeling it
more than than most and a lot of things
are moving very fast. I'd say the things
that are moving fast. And I I think at
times we're out ahead of our customers.
Yeah.
>> But I I think it's embrace the tools
that are around you.
>> Uh and and don't be fearful of them
because I think the tools that are
around you and the tools that companies
like Salesforce and others ship and that
I mean our customers are the smallest of
the small SMB to the largest of the
large enterprise worldwide. If you
embrace the tools that companies like us
can provide, I think it's going to help
you learn. I think it's going to help
ease fear and I think it's going to help
you do your job a heck of a lot better
and give you the time back to make you,
you know, way more efficient and way
more growth oriented. So, I think it's a
it's an embrace it moment
>> and and yeah, I mean that's kind of what
I' what I'd leave it with.
>> It's funny because I think that half the
value I bring to the table right now
when I do training is literally waking
people up to how easy this actually is.
Cuz previously it was like ah dude I
don't know, you know, I like I got to
figure this out. Now it's like turn the
microphone on, man, and just start
talking to it and see what happens. Like
this is cuz I I've trained a bunch of
old dogs, you know, like older than me,
like 50 and plus, and like, "Yeah, yeah,
yeah, I get this whole AI thing. It's
it's adorable, right?" And I'm like,
"Guys, can I can I just show you
something?" You know, and I'll light the
microphone up and I'll be like, "Hey,
I'm prepping for a meeting here. Here's
the company. Here's the person. Could
you go do deep research on them? put
together a brief and an agenda and some
questions that I can ask and my
hypothesis on how I can help them,
right? And then, you know, 30 seconds
later, boom, it shows this beautiful and
you see these like, whoa, wait a minute.
And and when that happens, it's like
almost you got woken up from the matrix.
It's like, wait a minute, what? And I
did a blog post about 3 weeks ago called
I Know Kung Fu. And it and it's when I
made the switch from open you from
ChachiBT to Claude Co-work. And then I
saw what Claude Co-work can do and I was
like there's nothing I can't do. And and
I and that was an unlock for me. And so
I'm I'm really trying to get that
unlocked for people who are sitting on
the sidelines right now and just like,
hey, you just start playing with it.
Just start playing with it cuz once you
do, you're going to see what what it can
do and then you can use it for good cuz
everybody's all scared about what you
know, people are using it for bad
layoffs and it's like no, there's so
much opportunity right now to use this
in the right way. Um it's just we got to
wake some people up to get there.
>> Don't be afraid of it. And we're making
tools that make it super easy. And so
that I mean that's my goal is like I'm
going to give you the tools to augment
you to make you a 10x seller and I'm
going to do so in a super easy way.
>> You shouldn't be scared of it. Just go
embraced.
>> All right. Last question. What's next
for Agent Force? like what's on the
what's I mean you obviously you know you
don't have to spill any beans here as
far as what you can't but any any what's
what's next cuz you've you've you know
you figured out the agents and kind of
the model and yeah we got to sell that
and transformation of our clients what's
the next kind of big wave for agent
force and salesforce obviously now
pretty much that it is
>> yeah for our for our agent for sales
product I mean I think it's really about
sellers managing teams of agents okay
>> and managing teams of agents that they
can observe and they could jump in when
things are going wrong. Um, but I really
think it's about how that whole sales
process gets very streamlined. Sellers
get upleveled and they become kind of
the strategic relationship advisors and
strategic revenue orchestrators,
frankly. Uh, and and kind of that's the
world I see us going into and and that's
the technology that we're building. And
I think it's really exciting um to where
you know you're not going to spend 70%
of your day
>> doing the busy work. You're going to
spend 100% of the day on the things you
want to do which is engaging with
customers.
>> Yeah. That So are we are we headed back
to full cycle effectively and and the
the you know the desegmentation of roles
that predictable revenue created.
>> I I think it's going to be dependent
upon how the company operates. Uh, but I
I'm of the opinion that we're moving
more into strategic relationship
managers that have the team that you're
talking about right now underneath them
and
>> Cool.
Awesome, man. Well, it is a it is a ever
moving world and obviously you're right
at the tip of it here. So, uh, I'll be
interested to, you know, if we reconnect
here in a shoot, I was going to say six
months, but maybe six weeks and see what
happens. But [laughter]
>> see how fast it's moving. Yeah, we'd
love to reconnect and uh thank you for
this. This was a lot of fun.
>> Yeah, absolutely. So, Chris, tell me uh
tell the audience where they can find
out more about you, what you're working
on, stay on top of agent force and and
and that type of stuff. Uh where can
they find out more info?
>> Yeah, if you just go to salesforce.com,
uh you'll see everything that we're
working on. We're very transparent about
it. Uh you can follow me on LinkedIn,
Chris Bilmer. Uh and uh and I'm always
posting about the latest and greatest
innovation from us. Uh and yeah, thanks
again. And this has been awesome.
>> All right. Very cool. So, been a
pleasure, Chris. And uh let let's
definitely stay in touch and and see how
this stuff evolves cuz I am I am very
curious and again I'm balancing between
optimism, pessimism on a daily basis,
almost on an hourly basis of like, "Oh
my god, look what it can do. Oh my god,
it's going to replace all of us. Oh my
god, look what it could do. Oh my god,
replace all of us." So, I'm I'm trying
to find the balance here and I
appreciate your perspective on this
because it definitely helps.
>> You got it. Thank you.
>> All right, everybody. Well, I hope you
enjoyed this conversation as much as I
did. And like I always say at the end of
all these podcasts, go out there and
make somebody smile today cuz no matter
how bad your day is going or how bad you
think it went. If you make somebody
smile, you know they had a good day and
the world needs a lot more of that right
now. So, thank you all very much and I
will see you on the other side.
[music]
Hey, thanks again for listening to the
show and for all your support throughout
the years. This is one last reminder to
check out my training programs at
jbarrows.com or leave a five-star review
on your favorite podcast platform or G2
if you've already gone through my
training or sign up for my newsletter.
Any of those will help ensure I can
continue to bring you free content and
great conversations like the ones you
just heard without having to annoy you
with sponsors. Again, let's make it
happen in 2026 together.
