Metadata:
{
  "expert": "John Barrows",
  "channel_name": "John Barrows",
  "video_id": "Ey9Jy-Co4z8",
  "title": "Prepare for Any Sales Meeting | AI Prompt Pack DTC01 | JB Sales",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey9Jy-Co4z8",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 82,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Hey, John Barros here, CEO of JB Sales.
This prompt pack is part of the Driving
to Close training program, which is the
complete operating system for managing
and closing deals.
Each module in the program has a prompt
pack that goes with it. If you've gone
through the training and done the
exercise, the prompt pack helps you take
what you build, sharpen it using AI, and
start building your complete deal
execution operating system.
Every prompt pack feeds into the next
one, and when you put them all together,
you have a full AI-powered system for
managing deals from first meeting all
the way through to close.
Now, if you haven't gone through the
training yet, the prompt pack walks you
through the process from scratch and
gives you a solid output that you can
start using immediately.
Either way, the prompt pack gives you
the what, the training gives you the
why, and the full membership gives you
the system.
This one is about preparing for the
meeting. Most reps show up completely
unprepared. They ask generic questions
or say dumb things like, "Tell me about
your business." or "What keeps you up at
night?" which at this point are some of
the most insulting things you can say to
any buyer.
Real preparation means understanding
everything about the client's industry,
their business, the persona, and the
person you're sitting across from before
you even walk in the door.
It means coming up with a perspective on
how you might be able to help them so
that you can lead with insights, not
questions.
This prompt pack researches all of that
for you, but it doesn't just hand you a
document and send you on your way.
It walks you through the process so you
learn along the way.
You learn about industry trends that are
relevant to what you sell, how the
company makes money, what the person
you're meeting with actually cares about
based on their role and their
priorities. Then, it builds a hypothesis
based on that research and helps you
develop impact questions for each one.
The output is a two- to three-page prep
doc that you can review right before you
walk into the meeting.
It gives you a plan, and it
differentiates you from every other rep
who shows up asking the same lazy
questions.
Now, if you've done the training
workbook, you can just upload it and the
AI builds on your existing framework,
and it should take you about half the
time. Download the prompt pack using the
link below. Open a fresh chat in
whatever AI platform you're using,
whether it's Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini,
Copilot, or any of the other ones.
Upload the PDF and type "Walk me through
this step-by-step." And the AI handles
the rest.
If you want the full program with all
the modules, the live sessions, and the
complete prompt pack library, the JB
Sales Pro membership is where that all
lives, and you can find that in the
description below, as well.
Let's make it happen.
