Metadata:
{
  "expert": "John Barrows",
  "channel_name": "John Barrows",
  "video_id": "USAU2ZTwHwc",
  "title": "Know Your Sales Equation | AI Prompt Pack FTF01 | JB Sales",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USAU2ZTwHwc",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 58,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Hey, John Barros here, CEO of JB Sales.
This AI Prompt Pack is part of the
Filling the Funnel training program,
which is the complete operating system
for your prospecting efforts. Each
module in the program has a prompt pack
that goes with it. Now, if you've gone
through the training and done the
exercises, the prompt pack helps you
take what you built, sharpen it using
AI, and start building your complete
prospecting operating system.
Every prompt pack feeds to the next one,
and when you put them all together, you
have a full AI-powered system for
prospecting from start to finish. Now,
if you haven't gone through the training
yet, the prompt pack walks you through
the process from scratch and gives you a
solid output you can use right away.
Either way, the prompt pack gives you
the what, the training gives you the
why, and the full membership gives you
the entire system. Now, this one is
about knowing your sales equation. It's
the foundation for everything. Before
you can prospect effectively, you have
to know your numbers. Not just your
quota, your equation. How many deals you
need to close, how many proposals that
takes, how many qualified meetings, how
many conversations, and how much daily
activities across which channels.
Most reps have never done the math. They
inherit a number and just start dialing.
This prompt walks you through all of it
about 30 minutes, researches industry
benchmarks for your specific market,
pressure tests your numbers, and gives
you a daily activity plan based on real
math.
If you've done the workbook for the
training, just upload it and the AI uses
your real data, and it takes half the
time. So, download the prompt pack using
the link below. Open a fresh chat in
whatever AI platform you're using,
whether it's Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini,
Copilot, or any of the other ones.
Upload the PDF and type walk me through
this step-by-step, and the AI handles
the rest. Now, if you want the full
program with all the modules, live
sessions, and the complete prompt pack
library, the JB Sales Pro membership is
where that lives, and you can check that
out in the link below as well. Let's
make it happen.
