Metadata:
{
  "expert": "John Barrows",
  "channel_name": "John Barrows",
  "video_id": "2u-Ios9lsNk",
  "title": "Build Your Ideal Customer Profile | AI Prompt Pack FTF02 | JB Sales",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2u-Ios9lsNk",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 54,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Hey, John Barros here, CEO of JB Sales.
This AI prompt pack is part of the
Filling the Funnel training program,
which is the complete operating system
for your prospecting efforts. Each
module in the program has a prompt pack
that goes with it. Now, if you've gone
through the training and done the
exercises, the prompt pack helps you
take what you built, sharpen it using
AI, and start building your complete
prospecting operating system.
Every prompt pack feeds to the next one,
and when you put them all together, you
have a full AI-powered system for
prospecting from start to finish. Now,
if you haven't gone through the training
yet, the prompt pack walks you through
the process from scratch and gives you a
solid output you can use right away.
Either way, the prompt pack gives you
the what, the training gives you the
why, and the full membership gives you
the entire system. This one's for the
ideal customer profile. Once you know
your numbers, you need to know who to go
after. Not everyone's a good fit, and
most reps waste time chasing accounts
that were never going to close.
This prompt pack helps you identify the
characteristics of your best customers,
tier your target accounts by fit and
opportunity, and build a focused ICP you
can actually prospect against. It pulls
from real deal history, if you have it,
and researches your market to find
patterns you might be missing.
If you've done the ICP workbook from the
training, upload it, and the AI builds
on what you've already have. So,
download the prompt pack using the link
below. Open a fresh chat in whatever AI
platform you're using, whether it's
Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, Copilot, or any
of the other ones. Upload the PDF and
type "Walk me through this
step-by-step", and the AI handles the
rest. Now, if you want the full program
with all the modules, live sessions, and
the complete prompt pack library, the JB
Sales Pro membership is where that
lives, and you can check that out in the
link below as well. Let's make it
happen.
