Metadata:
{
  "expert": "John Barrows",
  "channel_name": "John Barrows",
  "video_id": "rc-ef5wHerY",
  "title": "Identify Your Trigger Events | AI Prompt Pack FTF03 | JB Sales",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc-ef5wHerY",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 59,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Hey, John Barros here, CEO of JB Sales.
This AI Prompt Pack is part of the
Filling the Funnel training program,
which is the complete operating system
for your prospecting efforts. Each
module in the program has a prompt pack
that goes with it. Now, if you've gone
through the training and done the
exercises, the prompt pack helps you
take what you built, sharpen it using
AI, and start building your complete
prospecting operating system.
Every prompt pack feeds to the next one,
and when you put them all together, you
have a full AI-powered system for
prospecting from start to finish. Now,
if you haven't gone through the training
yet, the prompt pack walks you through
the process from scratch and gives you a
solid output you can use right away.
Either way, the prompt pack gives you
the what, the training gives you the
why, and the full membership gives you
the entire system. Now, this one is for
trigger events. Knowing who to target is
one thing. Knowing when to reach out and
why is what separates good prospecting
from the noise.
Trigger events are the moments when a
prospect's status quo breaks and they
become open to the conversation
potentially. They give you a reason to
reach out so you never have to touch
base or check in ever again.
This prompt pack identifies the five
trigger events most relevant to your
specific situation, explains why each
one creates an opening, and gives you a
system for tracking them using tools
like Sales Navigator, Google Alerts, and
some of the AI tools that are out there.
Every trigger comes with an outreach
angle, so you know exactly what to say
when one fires. And if you've done the
training, upload the workbook and the AI
builds on your existing work. So,
download the prompt pack using the link
below. Open a fresh chat in whatever AI
platform you're using, whether it's
Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, Copilot, or any
of the other ones. Upload the PDF and
type walk me through this step-by-step,
and the AI handles the rest. Now, if you
want the full program with all the
modules, live sessions, and the complete
prompt pack library, the JB Sales Pro
membership is where that lives, and you
can check that out in the link below as
well. Let's make it happen.
