Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Tibo Maker",
  "company": "Outrank / Revid AI / Feather",
  "video_id": "1A64jQGGMMg",
  "title": "This Guy Is Growing 5 Products To $100k MRR. At The Same Time",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A64jQGGMMg",
  "channel": "Tom Hunt",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
So definitely not. It's really not happening like that. But by the way, this is not something that I cracked. It's very messy in my mind. The way I work today, which I'm sure is not optimal, I just get drilled from one thing to another thing. So I do not decide to work on anything. It's a little bit like the environments and people are deciding for me what I should work on. So it's very messy, but it kind of works for five project. Maybe it's not going to work with them. Hello, and welcome to this episode of Confessions of the Bee. It's beyond my name is Tom, your host. And today we have a big episode. We have Tivo on. Now, Tivo was the co-founder of Tapio and Tuitunter, sold to a lempire. And now Tivo is doing something very interesting where he is finding co-makers for small bootstrap SAS companies, well small moment, they're growing. and he event during the distribution for all of them and also building his personal brand at the same time with the goal of getting them also 100K MRR in the next year or so, making great progress. And so we dig into that strategy, how he's doing it, how he's doing distribution for five products, the impact of the personal brand, how he's finding those co-makers in this episode. So please, please listen, I really enjoyed this one. Before we jump into this, shout out to fame for producing the show, please go to fame diet. So if you like a podcast, like this one, left jump into the discussion with Tivo right now. If you're building a BT SAS product or a I agent, check out Gearhart and not just a dev shop, the founder to build and exit their own startups. So whether you're validating an idea already scaling, then it helped to meet you where you are. They've helped launch 70 products, including smart, sweet, which raised $38 million right now, confessions over BTB on our listeners get a free strategy session and 20% off validation discovery and prototyping throughout September hit the link in the description to claim your slot. Tivo, welcome to the show. Thank you very much for having me. So we are, when I say we, I mean, you have a very interesting way is seeing of building BTB companies without funding with like social first AI first. So he's essentially what I want to dig into in the next 30 minutes is what we're currently doing to build these boost draft SAS companies. I don't know if you know about it, that I did deal with it first and I felt at least twice. That's why I changed my way. Interesting. So actually, let's give context, but I don't want to spend too long here. So prior to Taprio, are you saying that you build other things and raise money? Yeah, it's kind of like you hear every day if you want to be an entrepreneur that you hear that you need to be the next Facebook. So you need to hire big bunch of money to hire huge teams to go big. And so that's basically what I did when I got out of school. I did that twice actually raise money, hire big things, and it didn't work. I didn't work. I didn't, when you said it didn't work, you probably like learn a lot. Right. But maybe you just like it financially wasn't what you thought it was going to be. Yeah, definitely. If I had to do things again, I think I would have done these pieces in the same way. I learned a lot. These two failures allowed me to get a job that I would have never had without those experiences. I got to be a CTO in a big skating startup, managing a team of 13 engineers with a very big salary when I didn't like I think my peers were way behind the term of carier stuff like this. Yeah, it was was still a super inside for experience. Got it. And then in the end, they did like work out the way you wanted to. And then it was that when you started building stuff on your own. I think it was tap your own tree hunter or those two. Yeah, cool. And without solo or did you have a co-founder for those two. I had a girlfriend in my entire life. Like I need someone to think basically. I need to just I need the ping pong to get ideas. And with the same co-founder for both or one age. Not really like, or you mean the two failed startups or the successful ones. Tap here on three hunter. Tap here in Twitter is basically the same products with the same co-founder who is the person that I created my very first startup with which failed. This time we got together and like we had this crazy experiment where we basically wanted to ship one new product every week until something stick. And so we shipped something like 10 failed products. Which didn't work. But the even one was a Twitter and it like it took off from a busy day zero. And that was roughly like 2020 2021. Yeah, with COVID I basically like quit my job started again, start a big. Because of COVID I guess there was like no way to get to the office. You had to work from home. So we had this amazing I think no meeting fully remote vibe which like kind of forced me to get some social interaction on Twitter I guess. And that's how I started bringing in public which was an amazing thing for me. And what made the two of you decide to sell those two businesses? I think yeah we were just scared. Just afraid about things were going so fast. We were getting like so much growth. It was just basically like we're so scared about these happening so fast and at the same time scared of everything collapsing from one day to another without us getting any money from that. I'm saying this and at the same time we started this product with the idea of building this road to 10k in monthly revenue sell start over and repeat this cycle. And it like it didn't really happen like that. It grew much more than 10k. We took more than a year to sell it. And then what we didn't anticipate was that the acquire of the product would ask us to stay two years in business to like as a transition. Because the amount was so big. But did you guys do that? Yeah we did. I wouldn't wear that cool. And did a little bit before the two years because like we had some disagreement and we find a nice way out. But yeah we still like we I think we stay something like one year and a half. And the total amount I think is public with an $8 million for the third and the total amount for the deal. would have been 10 million if we had the achieve all our goals but we didn't. But it's pretty nice amounts like that the deal was like two million in the front and from two we could scale up to 10 depending on my students that we have to achieve that I think we achieved five hours of six my students. So we that's eight million instead of 10. So after that you could have just I guess gone on sound a beach with your share of the cash but you didn't and who always has talked about today. It didn't even cause my mind. So I've been down to today. I think you have five products that you're working on is that right? Yep. And the goal is to get five product that's our public. Okay, cool. So let's just talk about the public ones and regardless together all to 100k and our are yeah. If seems like they're all between like 30 and 60. Is that right? Not really. Okay so some I think out rank at least is a 60 that was announced like yesterday. Exactly. But then we have other than might be the next sense. Okay cool. Can you explain to me how you working on five products. So with everything happening in AI basically I think I'm scared of becoming useless. I'm afraid that my skills are not worth anymore in the future. And so I'm driven by this wheel of staying relevant I guess. And so I wanted to shift to basically going into distribution entirely interesting. And so distribution to me means mainly being active on socials but it also means adds SEO and this other kind of stuff. The more I was working on those the more I realized that distribution from one project to another is very similar. You have a lot of ways that you would do the same in similar products. And so I thought that so if I have to spend a lot of energy growing my. ex accounts if I have to spend a lot of time working on my newsletter it would be better if it could serve multiple products and that's exactly what I'm doing. I'm spending a lot of money on my newsletter I try to deliver value high quality contents without any sponsor like no ads but I talk about my products and I do it in a way which I think is also relevant to my audience. Roughly what amount of your working hours would you say are you investing in the personal content through the new flutter etc. That's a good question I think it's used to be 13 years per day at the tweeze and through top skill time and it's getting to maybe something like one to two hours per day. It's bigger and something that I just tell myself quite often is I should expand like I should be more active on the team and maybe other networks which I know very little but yeah I try to grow this part of my time. So you're able to do just distribution because you have essentially co founders who are doing the building for each of the five public projects right. This was very well. By the way I would try to call them co maker maybe because we have this trick to which I really like which is more product oriented. Not every single project is a company so we have partnerships in place which cover the products instead of having the huge burden of having to create a company to host the products etc. Interesting so you might have one company that you own and then you're working some kind of deal with each co maker so that they get paid or they get ownership. Yeah we have what we collect distribution rights on any product for example we will select 50% of the profit will be for me and 50% of the exits if any is going for me and the rest of you got it. And how did you find these co makers Twitter like this is amazing how easily you can find palettes in people on Twitter one of my products come from a tweet where I was just asking for people to plug their products I was just randomly scrolling like I didn't have the intense of finding a new product to partner with and one of the founder just dropped the products it was very well have an an email to me very well have an email to my audience the maker was very talented was building super fast so we talked a lot and we end up partnering up on the products and I'm now working on it's it's called post synchre by the way. but on me to plug it's yeah of course we're gonna link to all of the products below to guess and even more attention but the other I think he's a critical thing here and maybe one of the key success factors for the growth you're seeing. Is that you yourself a technical and so I think that allows for a very probably productive relationship with the co makers because if not like your firm non technical co founder who have no idea what they're talking about when you bring them product feedback for example like you guys can probably collaborate their building. You like know about it right and so you can work with them more factory yeah there is there is a project where like revenue is my biggest projects it's a like a video making tool on this project I'm still cutting myself I'm cutting in a more growth way I will build that growth features. But I still code and I guess the way I talk about like my ideas in my feedback it's prompt friendly meaning I'm pretty much like my co maker can just copy paste my comments put it on croissor as a prompt and it's good build the thing. and you're able to do that because you have the technical skills and knowledge of AI back the distribution though you mentioned the problem if you're doing is building your personal brand which is then bringing attention to the products but then it seems like you're doing other stuff as well like SEO ads etc. And so your point earlier about when you're doing growth or growth products can be like the same thing does that mean like on any given morning you like I'm gonna work on SEO today and I'm gonna work on SEO for three of the companies because it's all similar SEO is that your full process. So definitely not like it's really not happening like that but by the way this is not something that I cracked it's very messy in my mind the way I work today which I'm sure it's not optimal it's I just get drilled from one thing to another thing so I do not decide to work on anything it's a little bit like the environments and people are deciding for me what I should work on it can be like a. So I'm going to do a Twitter DM with the guys gonna complain about something which will give me an ID which I'm gonna write on cursor to implement a feature and why it's gonna generate I will check my slack message where one of the co maker is gonna drop an ID which I think is awesome but I have a. And I'm not doing long hours like I spend a lot of time with my families I am lucky enough to be able to. I'm not doing long hours like I spend a lot of time with my families I am lucky enough to be able to spend time with my kids but still like it happens very often that I get ideas about the business stuff why I'm really not working so the hiring stuff is that I'm really having stuff is that it's always in my head and so having somebody project make me kind of think about all that's constantly. All the products partially built or at least the co maker had the idea before you got involved or you also there the idea of the agent and you found the co maker. The five project that I'm currently working on yes they do they are not another one with the original ID there are some I acquired them and so much is going to go there and for a co maker that like very talented building but maybe doesn't like marketing doesn't have an audience is quite compelling offer that you have even if you're not gonna give them any cash to be like let's partner on this I'll do the growth will split the profits. I think it's quite compelling yeah it really depends on if it works or not it's very hard to advise people on doing that because it like it truly depends on the guy it work for me in both situation because like on Twitter and tab here we did this exactly this by partnering up with the distribution guy and we did it once with Twitter and we did also with tapio and it worked with both and I'm now doing it again but I am the distribution guy. so I like very much this system but obviously if you are just partnering up with the wrong person isn't going to work. Yeah you have to choose the right person and so I presume that most of the five are profitable are you taking that cash and reinvesting into the same product a different product or like taking out and doing something else with it. So all of them are profitable even the smallest one which is like the new baby was thinker that this video is getting up it's only doing 200 per month that it basically has no costs like just hosting costs which is 100 per month something so it's it is profitable even if it's very low the thing is all my project they have something in common is that they don't require big teams so they are pretty much all their cost are. So I'm not investing anything except when I acquire the new product I'm just spending the money that the monthly recurring revenue allow me to spend. And you're spending that we're investing into the products or something else. What would it mean to be investing the product where you mentioned that you're running ads right and so that being an example so good example like I'm running ads but as needs to be profitable for me to rent them like I will not do like what the like what Coca-Cola would do where they would just spend awareness. I will spend money on us to raise awareness I will not do that I will just create ads that should be profitable from soft if the other not profitable I will just shut them down so it's not really about like spending money that could be investing it's about like spending money which are getting back right away. basically and to get back to like investing in your products the way I used to do that is hire a team to work on the product and making it better and I cannot do that anymore because I'm not hiring anything anyone. This is kind of a law of how I want to work right now because I want to maximize freedom I don't want to have employee and so I can hire and so I cannot spend to improve the products it's just us building it does it makes sense to you. it makes total sense and probably what's also them forcing you and the kmeke to do is investing AI for building and also for probably support as well I also use massive you can but that's also going to push you forward in that dimension if you have the constraint of not being up to hire. yeah definitely I had this conversation with one of the like kmeke which was a afraid of spending 100 or 200 or 400 us in AI cost to actually build a software like in in console cost and I was like this is like a tenth or 100 of what we would spend in employees so like go for it it makes things so easier. and you plan to add more products to the roster if you mentioned going up to 10 the way I mentioned that is in a way that I probably shouldn't I don't think I can do that without changing the more than tarry and that would mean like hiring someone finding a way to scale these being for now I don't see how it would be possible but maybe I will find a way I don't know. yeah I guess you could like trial with new ones and then if you're more promised maybe you could like churn out some of the other ones that I sell them or put what I'm maintenance made in it that would be a way yeah my sense. cool and so let's see you get to five 100 k mr in the next year I think I saw in the in the tweet for the willing to below that that will be the five 100 k that's 50 k a are over the group of five would that be right so be 100 times. five so be 500 a month maybe six million yeah that would be six million per year and I selling a ax multiple or no high one guess you to 50 it's not the plan to sell or I think the fence I get from you tbert you really enjoy the building. yeah and that's a very good point something that I tell myself and it's not always the case with the call maker I thought I work with but something that seems very important to me is. not selling it was nice like getting a batch of money at one point and of course I'm super happy and grateful for it but it was painful it was incredibly painful to go through this phase to see some of this working on your product and sometimes like not doing what you would have done. I consider the acquisition to have them in a very good way both for us and for the acquire but at the same time I really don't want to go through that again it's full of conflict everywhere because we don't have a shared interest so yeah it's full of complete. yeah I mean I think the word is earlier which is clearly like a big value for freedom and selling at least if you have an hour now selling is gonna reduce freedom yeah exactly and then what's I didn't see it is all the people who are DMing you because tweet and to broke and they want you to fix the bug but you are not working on it anymore I had that's here so that is also a challenge if you do regardless of the earn out is and it is people still less signing the product to you. I guess I have the challenge when you're signing a personal brand to products which is a big part of the growth of these five is you as a person and that's the price you have to pay. so final question I left to know like the average day today so if we take today for example you have to share what you actually did but obviously you doing this interview and wanted to ask you said on content creation what else do you have in the pipeline today. so pretty I guess normal day I spent an hour writing drinking eggs and replying to people I did something quite interesting where I like I noticed on one of our dashboard that people on rabbit were asking a lot for. way to car to me five video and so I spent nothing to how I was trying to build this car to me fire where I was basically like I took a one minutes long extract of harry potter and I try to just. make it the car soon so I cut it in check of five seconds and ask the extract some frame car to defy the frame and try to regenerate the video from the frames with an image to video model and it didn't work the resist is read not here so I don't think I'm gonna ship it I possibly the one that's not just to see if anyone has 90 which could just and block me but that was just two hours. of experimentation which I think are lost right now maybe about kind of wait for me to work in a little bit that's part of the game. Part of the game and that's like quite a good description of what you're average day is right so you're actually coding on that product you're spending time promoting that. exactly to our school doing one of her writing when I was talking with people and like one hour was testing with you which is part of the brand and on that note we go. let's name so we're actually customer of our rank by the way I'm really enjoying it we posted four posts I think I'm really excited to see like the google search console after a month. I'm really excited to see the other four just to get the name in the episode as well so revenue is my video making tool which is the biggest for my projects. I think the second one the one that I really like which goes without one is feather is a way to build a block from a notion it basically use notion as content management but then publish a book for you. And I also have super X which is a way to grow on X and to scale the contents and come up with contents is a similar products to be handle as a sense to be. yeah it tries to be with a lot more pressure because of the environment that this is the scheduling the X tool space has involved the lots and so it weighs the bar much higher and it's a hard product work on. Yeah I can imagine if the foundations of your building is shifting a lot than a car to build a building and what's final and the final is post sinker which basically you to schedule content across I think eight platforms at the moment like all the major ones. So link to them below will link your ex account obviously and the newsletter anything else we should link to a mention. No I think it's pretty much covered my my things thank you very much done my pleasure to know what a and epic journey I can't wait to follow along to the 100k five products can't wait to think it's very innovative and epic. Modern building B2B bootstrap business T.O. thanks so much for coming on. Thank you very much for allowing me to talk about that this was amazing. Okay team thanks for listening what do we think about T.B's model epic I think the key there is that T.B has like the technical chops right so you can really work effectively with the co makers also now with the powerful brand must be really and providing the growth shout out to fame for producing the show shout out to T.B for coming on and shout out to you for listening.
