Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Tibo Maker",
  "company": "Outrank / Revid AI / Feather",
  "video_id": "E09sjk2S3Ng",
  "title": "I Sold My SaaS for $8M (And I Regret It)",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E09sjk2S3Ng",
  "channel": "SaaS Club",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
He burned through 700,000 euros on two failed startups, walked away with $250,000 in personal debt, and then quit his job to travel the world. Three weeks later he was stuck in Paris with a sick baby and no plan. My guest today is Tivo Louis Lucas, who built T-Maker into a million dollar a month business with a team of just 10 people and zero outside funding. In this episode, Tivo breaks down how he built 11 products in four months while he was on unemployment benefits. How he took one of his products from 3K to 20K in MRR in just two weeks, the model he uses to launch new products without actually building them, and how he publicly regrets selling one of his products for $8 million. So I hope you enjoy it. All right, Tivo, welcome to the show. Hey, so happy to be here. So tell us about T-Maker, what does the business do and who are you building for? A T-Maker is kind of a holding company for me. I have five projects live right now. I'm basically trying to build such product for founders, small business owners, like everything that would help those people to just grow and be more successful. Great. And give us a sense of the size of the business where you, in terms of revenue, size of team, that sort of stuff. Well, the crazy thing in, like I can't even realize it, but it's a few weeks ago we crossed a million per month, which is in centre me. It's like the furthest that I've ever been, so I'm just so happy about the growth. So you're basically like the 12 million ARR. Yeah, exactly. So you've got a really interesting story, you know, along with the way. I mean, you started out, there was a lot of failed starts, failed attempts at building businesses and we were going to talk about that. You eventually ended up building tweet hunter and tap Leo, which you ended up selling for several millions of dollars. And then now you're building, you know, T-Maker and this holding company. But let's start with, I think the first two startups you worked on, they both failed or ran out of money. You raised funding for both of them. And then after the second one, you know, the business was left with a debt of what $250,000 or something. So maybe just tell me a little bit about that start. What happened? Why do you think things went wrong? I think I did the, like the, the dumbest and the most classical mistake that founder can do, which is like you are desperate to build your own thing. Like you really want to do startups and you do it and you, like you, you do it because it's a good driven. Like you absolutely want to be successful. You want to be the CEO. Like you enjoy so much putting CEO on your LinkedIn, you know, like, you know, like, you know the skis. And so you start to build a product. You hire a lot of interns. And what happens is that you think that to be successful, you absolutely need to raise money. You want to be the next textbook. And you raise money. Like I, I think my very first run was something like 200K. And you think that you've made it. Like this is being successful. And you're so happy because doing like family dinner, you can say that you are managing a team of 10 people. You raise a lot of money. And it's, it's amazing. But the thing is, I didn't even validate the ID. Like out, there was no recurring revenue stream. And I, I learned that like much later, but like having revenue is the very basic of any startups. It's, it's not like you can go from VC runs to VC runs, just a very small amount of startups are doing it that way. People need to realize that. So do you think it was too easy to raise funding for those startups? It was, yeah, it was somewhat easy. And it made you think that you, you succeed. But it, the, the problem with that is that it makes you confident about your ID. it makes you less willing to pivot to another thing that might be more profitable. And what I realized much later is that you need to pivot so much until you find product market fits. You need to, that's so much that you need to remove any friction that would slow down in doing the pivots. And that means VC, of course, but also the team, like being just a one or two percent team, it's so easier to just pivot and go to a new ID if you think, like if you, if you, if you have spotted something that makes you think that it's going to be the right way. Now, so you had the experience with those two startup, you ended up getting a full time job. And then did you lose that job during COVID? Not really. This is, this is the worst story ever. It was, it was an awesome job, like CTO job in a very big, a skating startup. And we, that was the time where I got my first kid, by the way, like the job was to get some stability for the, the first kid. And she got sick, like super sick, almost died at two months old. And so we had like this, I don't like this, these moments where we decided to quit our job both my wife and me to travel the world. And, and that was in February 2020, February 2020, we both quit our job to start traveling the world. And just that's something that two or three weeks later, COVID became a real thing. And we, we got like stuck in Paris, nothing to do like no plan, the kids crying, like not, not, not sleeping so much. So it was, it was kind of the worst time. Wow. And then, you know, I think most people would have said, okay, let me find another job and get that stability again. But you decided you were going to build startups. Yeah, it was so do, during these year and a half thousand employee, I, like, I just couldn't help it. Like I had to go back to start the thing. Like I had so many ideas that I wanted to, to work on and like having a bus is something that's, it's, it's awful for me. I'm really not the kind of guy, like I think I'm getting more and more and employable. So yeah, I just wanted so much to build the game. Yeah. And then so you and your co-founder, is it Tom? Yeah. Two of you decided that you were going to build products like one product every week. You ended up building 10 or 11. Most of them didn't go anywhere. But one of them turned out to be tweet hunter, which obviously did very well. So walk, walk me through. What was the, what was the plan that you guys had when you set out to, to build these different products? So the, the absolute, the absolute one thing that we wanted to avoid was working again two years on a product. And in the end after two years, realizing that it would not go anywhere. So the goal was to spend our time on something where we would see strong signals that's, it's like there is very high potential. And so we decided to pick a niche, pick a positioning and on this niche, on this positioning, build one product a week until something stick. And by sticking, I mean, we were looking only at revenue to see if people were interested in enough to put their credit cards and pay for it. The mistake that we did before was looking at average weekly active users or just download of our app as a signal for success. But in the end, you need revenue if you want to make a living out of that. So we decided like the, we thought that the creator economy was booming. So we decided to target founders and creators, build for them, had them being more successful by having with their acquisition and build product after products on this positioning. Give me an example of when you said picking a niche and then picking positioning. Just give me an example of that. One very interesting thing is that we build this app which is, it was a search engine for committees, like Slack servers, Discord servers, teagram groups, things like that, like things where you can post about your product when you launch something. So like let's say you are into fitness, you're building a fitness app. This search engine would be able to find every community that it would be relevant to talk about your fitness app. So what was kind of, like we had a nice start, like we got people paying to access this search engine. But the thing is you basically only launch once. And so people just paid once, we're using it a bit, they were doing the launch and then just skip. And so we had a very strong threshold for product market fits. And so even if this product generated some revenue, we just moved them to the next one because it was just not enough. Now this was the before the days of AI vibe coding. So I'm curious how much were you able to build of a product in one week to get people to give you money for it? So I realized by being quite a good developer and by using like many, many resources out there by doing some spagatical reusing the components from one product to another, reusing my databases. Like I was not bothering re-creating project. I was recycling everything. I had something like one backend for every single one of my product. And then I was just plugging front and reusing my functions. So I was just optimizing for fast shipping. But most of the time, still by doing that, it's hard to build something in just one to week. So most of the time, we were just building the landing page, adding a form for request access to the tool. And people were just requesting access, we were just counting the email addresses that we were collecting. And if it was quite high, we were moving on and creating the product itself. So we, product after product, we were improving this process of creating the product and validating it a step of the step. So we can just move on to the next one quicker. What was the signal that told you this is the time to move on next idea? One of the strongest signal is how recurring the usage is. Like if you start having some people paying for a sagamoff, after the first time, sagamoff, it's one of the best thing. If you see something, if you, if you do it and gets a new subscription and revenue, it's a nice start. But if you don't do it, don't person ready to do nothing during the day and still get some new signups and subscription. This is another very strong signal. It means that someone is just going back to an old email or he thought about it and then coming back to the tool or he talked about your product to a friend and he sign up. All of those, all of those are, they are awesome signals. Yeah. So eventually you came to building tweet hunter. What was different this time that told you this product is, there's something special about this. First of all, I built tweet hunter for myself in the first place. Like I was, I was realizing that product after product, Twitter was that tool that was bringing us the most user for every single one of the products. So I wanted to grow my Twitter against and to do that, I was thinking that you need to see good tweets to write the good tweets. And so I built some, this is some backend stuff to describe tweets and just order them, see the one that fit my positioning and my audience. And I realized that it was very useful. And I was using it every single day. I was coming up with my tweets by using tweet hunter every single day. So that in the first place is an awesome signal for me. And that that became the same for my co-founder. And then we talked about it and we got a constant flow of new user and new subscription. like we've never seen before. It started to, it started to get overwhelming. And I think that this is the true product market fit. It's when you get so much demands that it's getting hard to serve. It's getting hard to go through all the DM, all the video requests, all the, like everything. And I think you hit like, like the first like 1000K and MRR like in a couple of weeks with tweet hunter, right? Yeah, something like three weeks. And it was which crazy to us. Like it was, I know it seemed like a small, a small number, but the growth was faster and smooth. Like it was a really smooth curve going up, not, not stopping. Yeah. You know, I think you describe somewhere like these products they go through like a life cycle or different stages. And then so you got this traction with tweet hunter. And then did it get to a point where it sort of started growth stagnated? Like what, what was going on with it? What did that trajectory look like? Uh, not really or it is like not for a very long time. We got, we got in credit. We look at the, I think we got at the perfect time at the perfect spots. Uh, really, uh, we, we quickly hit a three K in revenue. Uh, that was pretty much the time where we found this crazy deal with GK monina. Um, like he, he was a growing Twitter influencer from a team. The exact method that was applied in Twitter and in GK with his Twitter launch, he made the product go from three K in Matthew revenue to 20 K in just two, three weeks. By just promoting it to his audience. Yeah. He had like a big Twitter following and then I, uh, email news that just by doing that. And just because of the crazy growth and the crazy launch, we anticipated a, uh, a dig growth like a stagnation after this launch. And it didn't really happen. Like because the, the users themselves are quite active on Twitter, they talked about the product quite a lot. And from that day, like the, the product led growth kicked in and it just, it, it never stops until like very much, much later. So what was it for JK to, to promote the product? We had this weird deal where we, he, he got up to 25% of the products. It was not really equity. It was, um, something looking like a, a profit share, but also exeacher. Um, so he would get 25% of the monthly profit of the product. Uh, which by the way, got quite high because that we were fully both reps, uh, profit driven. And so the, the profit were was getting higher and higher in a month. And he would also get 25% of an acquisition if it happens and it, it happened. So partnering with JK got you to use, I think you said 20K MRR. And then just product led growth, word of mouth, uh, those were the main drivers. He was still working a month after month, uh, doing campaigns, uh, like promotion campaigns. So yeah, he, he had, um, he was really embracing his role of, uh, first, uh, Ambassador co-founder, uh, he was, uh, yeah, he participated a lot in the, uh, in the description of the product. But I think Tom and I did also a very good job on the product itself. There was something looking like a, a beginning of a startup up ecosystem. But Twitter was really a step up between like, compared to the competition. Um, it got, it got much better, uh, very fast. I'm curious for a founder who's listening to this thinking, wait a minute, you gave away 25% of profits forever and any exit revenue to somebody who was a, a founder and effectively just promoting your product. What, what would you say to them if it feels like that's too high a price to pay? If you see that as a influencer deal, I think, yeah, it, it seems dumb and crazy. We, we saw it a little bit differently. Um, the contract was actually saying that she gave God's, uh, at the co-founder level. So he was considered as a co-founder and he had to work like that. If he was not, uh, fulfilling his co-founder commitments, he could just lose it all, all the shares. Uh, that never happened. He was highly motivated and he worked until the day that we got acquired, uh, that it could have happened. So we, we were protected like that. It was not like, uh, he was just pushing a throng and then forget about it. Right. Okay. Now I think, uh, to tweet Hunter got to around 100K in MRR when you decided that you were also going to have the second product, Taplio, which kind of did the same thing, but for LinkedIn. What was the thinking around that? Why did you, why did you build it as a completely separate product rather than adding it into tweet Hunter and expanding that, that existing traction that you already had? So there was, there was actually two reasons for that. Um, two, two very different reasons, but conversing and the, like, going into the, the same direction, uh, which is first of a, like we got GK on, on the tweet, so if we are linked in into tweet Hunter, it would mean that he would not be very relevant for Twitter, but he would still get 10, five percent of the LinkedIn running. Uh, so we were highly incentivized to, um, fork the product, build a LinkedIn one. And we actually did that and look for a LinkedIn influencer to replicate this exact strategy. And it worked very, very well. Um, the second thing is the social media space at the time was, uh, very big companies like later. That come buffer, things like that, that we're doing pretty much every social media around there. Twitter was different because it was focusing on one social media only. And we wanted to keep that in mind. Like we wanted to keep that, that's, uh, mindset. If you want to be successful by creating content on social media, you need to focus on one in the first space. Then that's what Twitter and top you will do for you. And we were about to go into so much depth, like so much feature integration, so much dedicated feature, um, that it was no brand or how better Twitter was compared to those big generalistic, uh, social media. Did you use the same playbook to grow? Tap Leo. Did you find a equivalent to JK and partner or what was the way that you got the traction there? Yeah. You did exactly as something. Like, uh, it was a happy accident on Twitter. But for LinkedIn and top here, we decided that we wanted to go that way. And we, we, uh, we were hunting the LinkedIn influencer. And until we, we found the ad experiment, um, we didn't, we didn't, we didn't even know if, uh, this partnership was successful because tap you and Twitter got to quiet very, very fast after the creation of tap you. And so the partnership was terminated. And so and we, we grew it on our own. What, what do you mean the partnership was terminated? When we got acquired, um, the, both the partnership on Twitter with JK and the partnership on tap here with Alex, uh, Eddie, that's okay. Okay. Okay. So because they got there 25% or whatever. Yeah. They got there 25% off the upfront payments. And then, um, we had like a big payout, a big earn outs, like a performance based earn out for two years. And we worked with the team, the vampire team on, on, uh, issuing those goals. That was very hard. Now I think the number I saw was that did, did you sell for around eight million? Was that the number? So we sold for 1.5 million upfront. No, sorry, two million upfronts. And then it could go up to 10 million. So from, from two, it could go up to 10 based on achieving six miles. And out of the six miles on, we achieve only five. And so the deal ended up being eight meals. Got it. Okay. You've said publicly that you regret selling and that one of the, one of the downsides was that you, you experienced post exit, uh, depression. Tell, tell me about that like what happened. Why did it not turn out to be what most founders listened to this and we say, whoa, eight million awesome. Yeah, it's, it's a, it's a very tough question because like first of all, uh, you cannot complain when you, you get so, so much money. So it's, it's hard to select that. Um, so the, the very first part is like from a final, from a final short standpoint, only it was not a great decision. Uh, we got to choir's, we were doing like 1.5 million in other revenue. And at the very end of, uh, the earn outs, we were doing eight million in an year. So we, we grew like crazy. Like we, we grew, uh, five times during those 18 months. Um, and so we, we basically ended up setting an eight million company for eight million. But, but do you think the growth was because of the acquisition, you got additional help to grow or you would, you feel like you would have grown like that anyway? It's very hard to say. If you ask the vampire team, they, they would say that they had the last, uh, if you ask me, it's, it's, I have a different, uh, story like, but I really think this is not their fault, by the way, but we struggled to deal by it. It was very important, uh, to us, to stay very independence. Like during their earn outs, we didn't want to have a boss to report to. And it was written on the acquisition contract that we would remain in control of every decision related to Twitter and that video, we were, uh, we were keeping all the every big decision about the product. Um, and because of that, the team remained very separate. Like we were working very, um, differently from different ways, uh, that we didn't even have a common slack. We, we had separate slacks. So it was very hard for a vampire to help us with our acquisition. And so I really think that what we did with them, we could have none on our own. The only thing that could have been very different is that I think we spent much more in acquisition and marketing because it was not our money anymore. Like we, we took very big risk, which paid off. I'm not sure we would have taken those to the same risk without an empire. And, and how did it affect you personally and, you know, emotional and mental health? So then that, that's a good question. Um, I wouldn't say depression, but when you, when you get acquired and then at the end of the earn outs, like you really, like you, you will have like nothing to do. You have this big void, like this big emptiness. You have created something that, um, it has a lot of value and you got paid for that. And, and you get recognized for a successful founder. And, and I think this is the, the main thing, like you, you get to be cognizeth for being successful. And so I talked about that with many funders and they all feel the same. It's, it's very hard to go back to building and to show your work very quickly. Because every single thing that you show to the world, you take the risk of going from being the successful founder to being this loser who breed the very shitty products. And, and the truth is that no one cares. Like, no one is really looking at you and judging you. But you, you, you feel that way. Like it's, it's, I guess it's the human thing. And I think, you know, people listening might be saying, well, you know, you have all of this money. Okay, you have a void and, but you can go and, you know, go to the beach every day or something, right? And, and for me, I can tell you personally, you know, I moved to Florida. I live very close to the beach. It gets boring very quickly, right? You need some, you need purpose in your life. You need to be doing something. No, no, I, I will be completely like it's the, the fun things it, it can, it can you, you like for a few weeks. And then you need to find something. And when you are through builder, everything that you can start building. And so that's exactly what you did. You started building a guy, right? Yeah. And in my case, I actually started building before, um, completely living, uh, l'm prepared because I, I was not bringing this myself, but I, I myself acquired a very small tool called type frame, which eventually became, uh, Revit, which is a video creation and editing tool with AI, which basically became my, like, most successful product ever, uh, doing more than 600,000 per month right now, uh, which, which I find insane compared to how I, how much I, I pay for it. And did you use the same playbook? Okay. Did you find an influencer and a partner up? Something like this, but in this case, I wanted to pay the influencer. So I, I shifted my positioning. And this is what I'm doing right now with, with the keymaker. Like in, in every single one, the friend product, instead of being the, uh, the maker, I'm now the distribution guy. And so what I'm doing right now is I have five active projects. I am the distribution guy for every single one of my, of my products. And I partner with a co maker, which, uh, who is, who's building the products. I'm curious why you made that shift because if you're a builder, I would have thought you would have said, I'm going to keep doing the building. And I'm going to partner with people who can get distribution across different niches or whatever. Why did you do the other way around? Yeah. That's a good point for, for a few reasons. Like the first of all is, I think when you are building the thing, it's harder to work on multiple things. There is, uh, um, there is, um, lower limits. When you are the distribution guy, you can, you can build an ads by a plane. You can build an SEO playbook. You can build an influencer, a network. And every single product can benefit from those systems. I find it easier to, um, to build a system that's going to be reused for every single one of our products. And the second thing is, uh, with AI making buildings so easy. I want you to, to go into the distribution space because I think this is where it's all going to play it. Like the, the success of product is going to be based mostly on, on this, on distribution. I'm not saying that. So I'm, I'm still, um, building for some of the products. Um, but I'm highly, um, at, I'm highly committed on building great products. And that, that means that the, um, the product decision themselves, they are shares between my developer, co maker and me. So two of your most successful products you talked about, Revit. The other one is, uh, I think outrank. Uh, both of those have some level of kind of wrapping some LLM in terms of what they do. Um, and the distribution thing makes complete sense because now with vite coding, presumably you see a lot of copycat products a lot more than you would have seen a couple of years ago. So describe to me how, how you build that mode with distribution. What are some of the specific things that you're doing? The one thing that I try to do is ramp up SEO very fast and very aggressively. Um, I, I find it's like I, I really find SEO to be one of the most interesting acquisition channel because you are capturing people who have, uh, most of the, like pretty much, pretty much all the cases is the highest intense that you can get from a lead. Uh, you, you basically capture someone who is looking for a solution to a problem that, that you are sure that he is. And SEO when you like sometimes like I, I, I sort of tweet into something like three years ago and it's still ranking for tools that I built during my time at Twiesenter. And so when you, when you build something and it captures their traffic, it can last for very long time. So it's sustainable and it lasts. And that's, that's the, that's the amazing thing that pretty much every fun that I would want to have. Yeah. And it sounds like, um, you have outrank, which is solving exactly that problem, right? It, it helps you discover how to do SEO and generate content and stuff. Um, and are you also moving into that space of like, uh, a GEO and helping people get discovered in chat, GPT and perplexity and those places? It's crazy because I see so, so many, uh, tools positioning, then set up as the best tool for being mentioned by AI. The thing is, outrank, which is an SEO tool is in my opinion, the best tool that you can use for that. Because what an AI is going to do is that it's going to perform a search, uh, on the same search engine that you are using you and me. And it's going to take the top two there. It's going to look for, uh, best product to do this. And if the block post mentioned your product first, it's going to be, it's going to pick this as, as the true answer. So you need to have an amazing SEO to be mentioned by algorithms. And so that's why, um, I think outrank grew so much in the last year is that it's like people are interested in these and outrank is, is the best tool for that. So when people say SEO is dead, not only is that false, it's almost like doing good SEO is more about content getting discovered, whether it's on Google or Google's AI answers or LLMs, the fundamental still apply. Yeah. So when an LLM reply, there's just two ways he gets information. It can be from his, it's a training dataset, which basically is the web and search queries, which, uh, is about SEO. So in, in any case, you need to be on the web, like you need to increase your web, friends, which is, uh, publishing blog posts, uh, getting mentioned in other blog posts and, uh, run a computer, which is exactly what our bank does all across the world. How do you stay focused? Right? When you've got a holding company and you're involved in so many different products, like most, you know, the conventional wisdom would be like one product, right? Um, and go deep into that. So how do you, why did you choose this path and how do you do it in a way that makes you be as effective as possible? There is some focusedness in not being focused, which sounds a bit weird. I guess that's, um, then so I'm, I'm not focused in the sense of working on, on one product. I have like, uh, five different, uh, window, like with five different agents doing some work, uh, for me at the same time. Um, I'm switching context, uh, every single, uh, every two minutes. So it's, I'm like, most of my days, I'm completely burn out at the end of the day. And so it's, it's hard to follow. Um, but I still have focus in the way that every single one of our product is talking to pretty much the same people, uh, going through the same acquisition channel and trying to solve the same core needs, like, which is, um, I'm focusing on small business owner and I'm trying, I'm trying to have them make money, like trying to have them being more successful. That's it. And so it's, I think, like the underlying thing that I'm relying on is, uh, human technology and how they're when they're their businesses. And understanding this correctly is helping me on every single one of my product. And, and for me, that's being focused. Yeah. I can see this pattern. I don't know if it was intentional or not that you seem to be building one thing on top of another, everything from when you describe with those, you know, 10 or 11 products when you were like, I'm using the same backend. I'm just trying to do things through to having systems and playbooks on how you can repeat the SEO playbook. It seems to me, like, maybe from the outside, it looks like all of this stuff going on. But really, I think the way you're, I'm sensing your brain works is you're looking for repeatable systems that make you do the same thing for the same type of customer, uh, repeatedly and do it well. Yeah. Definitely. I think like one of the hardest thing is finding product market fits, uh, which, which by the way is happening at the very beginning. So that's why like many, many founders gets, gets tech below the one paper month revenue threshold. Because it's, it's hard to go about that without true product market fits, um, which, which is sad by the way. But if you unlock this one paper more per month, it means that you have your value, like you, you are shipping something that's people are buying value. But if you go about that, it's really about systems that you can copy and paste from one up to another. And which is exactly what I'm doing. You know, most founders have been told, you know, the lean startup type approach, go and talk to 100 customers, you know, validate your idea, then go and build something. Your approach is ship first, figure it out later, homos, right? So somebody who's thinking who's listening to that just explain a little bit, like how are you making sense? Because I, you know, on the face of it, it just sounds like, you know, just throwing spaghetti at the wall. But I think behind that, you've done this enough times that you have a, you have a more intentional system behind what you're doing. Right. Yeah. I think the one core thing is when people are interested in something, that chase you, not the other world around that what, what usually happens when you are, when you have an idea is that you are trying to convince the guy that this is a good idea. He has objections, but you try to find answers to those objections. And you try to convince and then he forgets about testing your tool. And you come back two days later and you, you follow up like you say, hey, did you find time to try my two thing or that's? But when you get into something that is going to solve a real core issue for those guys, they are going to be the one chasing you going into your DMs and asking, hey, this thing that you tell me about is ready. Like when can I try it? I really want that. And I think my job is basically to spot that, like to find those ideas where those people just get their eyes bubbling up and once, that's very the ones that you promise. That's it. And the way you're doing that is by saying, well, people pay for this before I spent serious time trying to, you know, always wasting a year or two years trying to figure out this is the right thing. Yeah, the way I do that is I, I tweet a lot. I see what's a resonate with people. I do MVPs. I try to put the same EP's into the handle of real people. And I see if they just try it once and that's it. Or like they get really interesting that they start talking to me over DMs and they ask for new things. Stuff like that. I'm just like, I think my job right now is like processing a lot of human conversations and trying to spot out riders spots. The product that generates a more attention compared to the baseline. I think sometimes it's difficult for founders who are going through that process to know that because you don't realize what that traction looks like until you get the traction. Yeah, because because because they build on you one product. And that's, that was my mistake in the early days. I spent two years on one product. So it's very hard to know if the attention that you are getting is very average or very high or very low. How can I know? I get only one reference. And now, especially with with vibe coding, you kind of don't really have that much of an excuse to not be able to put something workable 30 quickly in front of a customer and see if they'll pay for it. Definitely. The issue might be that we will be creating a huge generation of and focus people because of that's because it's so easy to switch from one context to another and be the busy to one upper day. But we say it's going to be fun. Yeah. I always worry about also one day when I use it or sign up for some random product, I always wonder, is there anybody actually working on this? Or was this some project that somebody built like a year ago? And they forgot about it and they moved on to something else? Yeah, that's that's very good. But that's the Google effect by doing like a like Google killed so many products that's like at one point. Like some people were were scared about using Google product because they might just get killed someday. Yeah. Yeah. Very true. All right. We should wrap up. So let's get onto the lightning round. I've got five quick fire questions for you. Ready? Okay. What's the common piece of startup advice that you disagree with? I think that we we've talked about that, but that would be the be focused. I'm definitely not a focus guy. And I think it's a mistake to be focused on one single product for a long time. People need to build more like people need to ship more to get more reference of what's a good product. What's a great book that you've read recently? My absolute recommendation would be the the month test because it's it's the book where it shifts human sets from I need to convince people that my ID is good to I'm going to discover if my ideas good by by asking the right questions. What's the lesson that you have had to learn the hard way? That's I think ego is your worst enemy like doing doing things because it's it's going to make you look more important like the status game basically trying to be important as a person. It makes you take the bad decisions. What is a tool or have it that saves you the most time? I would say really for me in the first place, like, building the tools where I would be the user. It makes me it makes me say so much time because I'm providing the feedback. I know that's at least 100 of thousands people are pretty much like me. So I'm not bidding for no one. I'm a random guy. So if if I'm using the tool and I find it's a cool, many other people are going to find it cool too. And finding outside of your work, what do you enjoy doing? So I'm trying to learn how to fly a plane right now to get my private pilot license. I'm almost finished. I see I still have like a seven hours to go to get my 45 mandatory flying house. So I'm I'm excited. You're almost there. That's cool. I'd deeper. Thank you so much for joining me. It's been real pleasure. If people want to check out T maker, I think they could go to T maker.io. Exactly. Yeah. And you can link off to all the products that we've talked about there and some more. And if folks want to get in touch with you, where do you hang out? Well, on T maker.io, there is my, my LinkedIn, my ex accounts. I think my ex accounts is where I'm the most active. And so if you want to DM me, that's the best place to go. Awesome. Thanks, man. It's been a pleasure. And I wish you and the team the best of success. How you want to full day? Bye. Thank you. Cheers.
