Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Tibo Maker",
  "company": "Outrank / Revid AI / Feather",
  "video_id": "NBaAEaqp1Zg",
  "title": "I Built 5 SaaS Apps to $1 Million MRR: Here’s My Playbook",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBaAEaqp1Zg",
  "channel": "The Founder’s Gambit",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
My guest today is Kiba, Booster founder who sold his two companies for $8 million and now he's doing over a million dollars a month in revenue from five different products. Before any of this work, you actually took a company through bankruptcy. Each of them was a night merchant go through. I did all the mistakes you can ever think of when starting a new business. You really want to prove people how good you are and so you are so much a good, even driving or raising funds is something that's... it's a big fake validation. I have this room that I said to myself that I would never raise funds. It's the best distraction ever. I would take two days and spend those two days building the best product. But many, many founders fall into this trap where the building never ends. If you just have an audience on social media, if you're just very good with working with the influencer, zoos are the kids that you would need right now to make your product use more than coding. So, $8 million exit and now doing a million a month fully bootstrapped. And on paper, that's the dream, right? But it wasn't always like that. Was it? Before any of this work, you actually took a company through bankruptcy. Is that correct? Yeah, that's true. I think it's spent two years on the start of 2015. That was like my first venture write out of it right after school, basically. It failed and I didn't know another time. Like, again, two years on another venture. And it failed too. And each of them was a nightmare to go through. It's really like I did all the mistakes you can ever think of when starting a new business. So we can definitely talk about that. I can imagine, especially right after the school, right? It'll feel super young and just jumping straight. Yeah, that's actually a very good print that you mentioned in here. I think when you are very young, like right after school, you really want to prove people how good you are. And so you are so much a good, even. Like you want to succeed above everything else. And so I think that was the main mistake that I did. Like I was more, I wanted to be successful so much than I was taking everything for validation. Except I was not really going after the user validation, which is in my opinion now. The most important thing that you should pursue. Yeah, I can imagine that I had similar things. I had one job after my university and I had for like six months or seven months, something like that. And it was for this agency that's building software. And after six months in, like fresh out of college, six months in, I'm like, I can do this. And I couldn't. So we figured it out along the way. But I was so like they're not doing anything special here. Why wouldn't I be able to do this? And then as you start then you see, oh, there's this whole world of things that I have no clue about. And then you kind of figure it out one by one. And yeah, maybe it was like, yeah, just just such an example. I think raising funds is something that's it's actually fake validation. Like you think that if you raise funds, you are successful and you're so happy when family dinner comes and you can you can tell everyone around you that you have raised funds. And so everyone is going to congratulate you and the thing that you made it and you can be raised and that's it. And except it's a pretty complete opposite. Like it's it's supposed to be the very beginning of the journey. Like you need to you have actually more pressure because you need to feel more money because you have the influence, investments behind you and you need to both get money for you and for your investors as well. And so it's typically the kind of thing where you are going after the wrong goals in my opinion when you are very young. And this is why right now I'm doing things very, very differently. I had this rule that I said to myself that I would never raise funds anymore. Like never because I really think it's a huge, like it's the best distraction ever that is moving you from being a user focused to something as that has very little value. What I think was biggest problem for you when you first raised funds. Right now you said you weren't able to be user focused. Were you more focused on like making sure that investors are happy and doing decisions that would, I don't know, try to drive towards that instead of actually building a good product or was it something else? Like what was the biggest? I think it's too many things. For sure it creates fake work. Like exactly like you said, like it's an investor reporting that you have just raised money and you are still you can look for the next VC funds to raise more money than. So it's a lot of fake work and at the same time when you are doing this work you are kind of outsourcing the real work to to employees and to the rest of the team. And it's a complete reverse because nailing the product market fit is in my opinion the hardest thing ever. And if you are focusing on waiting funds you are not focusing on going at the product market fits. And I really think that product market fit is really about the core understanding about what user wants and it's so hard to do like it. It requires so much understanding of the user and at the same time so much high, very high taste. Then if you try to also assist to a team it's very likely that you can fail. Yes, especially if you raise the funds and then hire a bunch of people right without doing anything yourself or as well, pro-ing the concept. At least for me. I made some bad hires at the start but the more I learned about my business and how we operate and how it works and where it's positioned then it was easier to hire someone to help me out with it. Instead of just getting a bunch of money and then hiring a bunch of people without knowing exactly those roles or at least doing them myself. If that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, I do think that you are the highest motivated person to get to product market fits. And so all the very high tasks to like doing the user interview just going at the feedback, implementing the little things that would be moved to friction to users. There is no one that is around you that's going to be as motivated as you are. And so you need to do the hard things that you need to tackle the hard tasks. Yeah, that makes sense. And what would you say? So let's say you have an idea right now and you want to build a new product and you've built a bunch of them, right? And you've been amazingly successful at it. What would be the first step? Like do the first build a thing and then just do some quick MVP and go to the market and see talk to these users or how do you, what's the first part? How do you do? I think I would I would restart with the like timeframe developments. Like you just you can just say I will take two days and build the best thing possible in those two days. So you build it's very easy to build right now. So I would definitely start with the building. And so I would have fun with that. I would try to target myself as a user, use the product routes and spend those two days building the best product possible. But then many, many founders fall into the trap where the building never ends. Like because they enjoy building so much, they just keep building and keep building and never end. You need to stick to those two days. It can be two weeks, it can be three weeks. But I think it's very important to time frame this part. And then you need to make people use this product. You need to you need to face the possibility for rejection. You need to face the users telling you if the product is good or not, you need to like face the truth basically. Like you need to explore yourself and show some vulnerability and make people use the product. And this is where you will see if the product resonates with with some need, if you were mistaken about what's the actual pain of the user, maybe you worked on the wrong thing. And you need to take everything, every feedback, every thoughts, it needs to get into your brain. And this is where I usually start this iteration process where I will spend two days working on another day, then try to reach out to new people for new testing. And this this will never end. It's this phase where you realize if what you have built is successful and if people actually use the product and you to keep iterating on it. Or if the feedback are going to be redirecting you to another product with the slightly different value proposition. It's really often the case. Like very often you build the wrong thing and that's okay. That's that's a smart way to look about it because we have a lot of clients who will help build these things and a lot of them, especially now, like a lot of them have an ad for an MVP and an MVP for them is this huge robust product that takes months to make. And that may be a big mistake because you're wasting months on trying to build something that it's really hard to know if it will work or not before giving it to users. So I like what you said there. Just take a couple of days, a couple of weeks, don't prolong it too much. Just build one feature, something small that someone can try use and it can be useful and give it to people and see what they say. Like you can't know. Yeah, this is so true. When people look at Twitter or or Revit like Twitter was my first social product. So this is why I bring this product. When you look at this project right now, it does everything which is tweet to focused. Like it, it really does everything. And so it's easy to see that it's easy to think that if you want to compete with this product, you need to do the same like you need to compete with everything. And it's I really think it's not the case. Like you if you look at what tweet until was at the very beginning, it was pretty much one feature and one feature that was good enough to feel the core need of some people. And then it expanded on on many other things. That was the same for Revit at the very beginning. It was just about one tiny feature. It was just about like inputting some text and being able to create a video out of these texts. And it it was enough to show some traction. Like it was enough to show that some people were interested in in this in this feature. And then you expand. Yeah, I think that's perfect advice because even for myself when I'm looking for a sauce that can help me do something, there are these huge companies like let's say I need a specific little thing. And then I buy a sauce and I find they have these 10 different things that are just confusing for me or my team. And we don't know how to use it. So these smaller sauce products often win in that sense. Like they only do what I exactly need. That's it. It's not confusing. It's not too big. So yeah, that's a good good way to look at it. Like take one small feature from a bigger one bigger who is already doing it and make it better. But I think the main mistake that many that most people are doing is is not really the features that the feature set is it's more like when they approach the first users, they try to sell instead of trying to validate. Like it's it's very different thing. The thing that the product their primary mission is to enforce the products to to to push very hard towards making people use the products. And it's it's really not what you should be going after. In the early phases of every product, I think your number one mission is to get knowledge, to just try to extract the most possible number of information that are going to inside from the user. Because it's it's like that this is a 99% chance that the product that you built is not good. Like it's it's not the right product to build. And so your mission is to understand what is the perfect product to build. Not trying to get to this one care revenue that would just I don't know that you would be very happy to brag about. Yeah. And what was the difference between the two like validating and selling? How would you approach validating and not selling it? Like not pitching it? If you if you try to sell I think that the behavior of the founder would stop when the user is is going is visiting the landing page and has signed up or has started the trial and and then the founder will just stop in directing the person with a person and go after the next person to try to sell as well. If you try to validate, I think what you would want to start with is asking questions basically, like understanding the context of this person, then suggesting the solution and then trying to get the person to use it. And then I've on on the next few days asked a lot of question about the usage, about like how is it helping? How is it not helping? What's what's the trying to understand the core pain points of the user and trying to understand the behavior? Like one very good example is what we did without rank. So when our rank is one of my most successful product right now and it's it's not a product that I started. When I when I John Eugene who was building this product essentially, it was just a block posts writer. It was an AI block post writer. And we we talked about with the current users and we understood that it was not the core need of people. People were not just going after new blog posts, they wanted to create this system to get organic traffic. And so we completely shifted the feature set of of our rank. It was still a blog post writer, but the blog post writing was actually a feature of keyword research engine that was going to analyze what are the most interesting keyword to try to rank for on Google. What was the most interesting question being asked on Taji Bitti where you would want your product to to pop up. And then the blog post writing comes in a very automated way. Like you do not want to log on this product every day and try to write by the blog post. You want the product to most of the work for you. And just by by shifting like by changing the UX of the product and making it like automated first, it completely changed the experience of the product. And and it started to be very very successful. That's that's so good because people are not looking like they are just looking for an outcome which is show better on chaji bitti or all these LLMs. And they don't care if it's a blog post, if it's whatever it is, right? They care about what they get at the end. Yeah, and they don't want you to to add some extra work to their children's day and workflows. Well, what I'll drink was before was exactly this. Like it was new work to do every day to create the blog post and to to publish them. That was I think that was really not good. Like this is not what people wanted with the new outrank. The this this keyword calendar where outrank will try to target keywords and publish article automatically. It's not new work. Like it's it's just about having new results, which is the value is a hundred times better than it was before. Yeah, that's so cool. One thing I wanted to ask you is, like most people who sell a company for especially like a new like that's a lot of money, right? They go bigger next. Like they raise more or they chase a bigger swing. And you kind of did the opposite. So you sold and you focused more on your family, on your friends and scaled it down a bit, right? You you're missing the building part. You love building. So you did smaller products and eventually paid off, right? Now you're doing a million a month or whatever with those five small products. But why like what was the decision behind that? Why go smaller? Right? After that big huge hit like your pump, right? So what was the decision behind that? I don't I don't think it was about going smaller. It was just that's a when you to when you when you project successful, it's you hire a team and then the the work gets less, less, less fun. Like you are not into the building anymore. And so what I was trying to do is going back to the building. Like the I think the early phase is on the hardest and it's very hard to to hire people that will do this work for you. I try that. It really didn't work. Like it it's insane. If you if you do not have product market it and you hire people to try to get product markets, it almost always felt for me because finding the product market is so hard that you need to be highly motivated to do the hard work every day. And so I went back at this. I started from scratch. I actually tried this new strategy where previously in my product, I was the building partnering up with influencers. And I shifted this mindset. Like I still wanted to build, but I also wanted to focus on distribution more. And so I was the distribution guy partnering up with builder. This is exactly what I did with Eugene on Alfrank. This is also what I'm doing on Revit. I partnered up with great builder. And so this strategy has allowed me to be able to run five projects at the same time and have some of them that are more successful than any other one that I used to run before. Super happy about what's how it's going right now. That's awesome. So you're so those are co-founders, right? Yep. I couldn't go maker because I make two, but that's pretty much the same thing. Let's go. So split, especially like what we do, we help a lot of non-technical founders. Because like you said, building at current day and age with AI, it's super easy, super fast. And then the bigger challenges finding that product market fit, marketing, distribution, all of all other things are easier than, or harder than building, right? So that's that's that's a smart way to approach it. Like split, split, who does what? And then focus solely on that and move forward. I've always been pretty big about this idea that it's like having a 100k per month cake and just have like half of this or 30% of this is much, much better than having 100% of a much smaller cake. So I've always been very easy to partner with. I'm very easy to work with guys. And so yeah, I love it. Like I need the ping pong when I, it's very hard for me to think alone. And so I need someone to think with. Yeah, this is how it works. It's cool. It's cool. So one more thing is you've done both, like you raised money and then you've done bootstrapped. And you're one of the few people who can actually compare them honestly. And what are your, what are some of the drawbacks of each and what are some of the benefits of each? So that the benefits is going to be quick. I don't think there are much that the one, I think that the best benefit is that you are not using your money. And so it's much, much easier to take risk that would be very hard to take if you were using our money. I totally felt that. So after we got acquired after Twitter and Gabriel got acquired, we spent those 18 months working with the buyer. Like it was kind of a transition time. It was this earn out period. And we had very high, very high revenue license to reach to get the full payouts of the acquisition. And it was, it was very pleasant to use some money that was not ours. Like we all, all the money that we were spending with marketing campaigns, we'd like small product acquisition. It was not our money. So it was very easy for us to push for that and to go on in on on those. I think if we would not have been acquired, there are so many things that we would not have tried. Like so many sponsorships, so many like big YouTube responsibilities, things like that that actually when was very successful. Like it worked very well. It was a very good ideas to do that. But it was so much more invested that we would not have done that for sure. Some drawbacks, like just having a boss, being feeding constraints, like having some so much fake work, like reporting, being being forced to go after the next, the next fund raise to just being able to sustain your your your spending. Yeah, so many downsides. Like I it's the core reason that I would I would not do that again. And and just one more thing, it's right now with AI being so good at bidding, there are just tons. Like I think 90% of the cases where you needed money before, maybe you don't need any more. Like it's it's so easy and so cheap to to really produce right now. You would need money for extreme deep tech products or to buy distribution to buy tons of ads and inferences, so the the topology of project where you would need money, you would need to raise money. It's much much smaller than before. Yeah, that makes sense. And what about like what about being bootstrapped? And then not let's say, okay, you went through getting money, right? And then like you said, you were able to try these things with I don't know, big partnership, partnerships, sponsorships, things that really do work, but you would never be able to let pick your own money. So we just change anything there. Like if you had to go back, we just keep that part or you think it was still useful for you now, because now you know what works, what doesn't work and you can make those bets even if it's your own money. If I if I went back, I would invest much more and much sooner into things that's compound. And that that means invest less in ads with more into SEO. Like SEO, real negative, or the two things that I think that they were the most valuable assets that the product could have. Like having having strong brand that resonates to people and they know about it on social media and having very high SEO performance, having pages that that rank and just get traffic every day without you having to anything, that the two things where I would invest much more much sooner for sure. That's good advice. And what do you say to people who say that like you probably see this a lot, especially since your products reflect that like SEO is that AI is killing it, no one Google will say anymore, blah, blah, blah, whatever, right? What do you say to those people? It's very easy to answer to this. It's it's it's insane to think that SEO is that because when you when you ask touch BPD, what's the best product to do this? Like where is it going to get the answer? It's it's either gonna be using the training that assets, which basically is the web. So it's it's also about being mentioned a lot everywhere on the web. Or it's gonna do a Google search. And so you need to rank if you want to appear. So SEO is definitely not dead. It's it's just it's have a new shape. Like you need you still need to be everywhere on the web. You need to be reference loud. You need a lot of backlinks. Because you want to appear both in the training that I said. And you want to appear in the searches that being in Google will do when user are going to ask for anything related to your products. One cool thing you said that like SEO is not that it just shaped differently. And I think that's the case with a lot of things today. Like we hear the developers are dead. We heal product like SaaS companies are dead because now anyone can build anything and you can build your own thing. Whatever. But that's not the case. It's just shaped differently. Like anyone can build anything. That's true. But you can build a lot of slot or bad products or bad features or things that no one cares about. Right. So what would you say are the biggest leverages now when anyone can build anything. And what would be like is it audience? Is it content? Is it like you said like those long-term things that separate someone like you and someone who maybe built a lot of products but none of them are hitting yet or yeah. It's very hard to answer this question because like for sure like the number of people breaking things and building contents is going to get 10 times higher. Maybe 100 times higher. Like there was this chart that has been circulating a lot on X in the last few days where it shows the number of apps that people are actually using every day. And it's stagnating for the last five years. Like people are not using more apps than five years ago. It's even declining a little bit. They're using a little bit less apps than before. But at the same time on the same graph you see this explosion of number of apps being published on the store. And on the last 18 months it's completely going up and up and up and never, never stopping. And so it's going to be very hard for founders and readers to get their apps being used because the number of apps being built is just going to the roof. And at the same time the usage of those apps is stagnating. So it's going to be hard to adapt. One thing that will for sure change is we will start seeing a lot of more usage from agent themselves. And so we need to think about what are the AI issues that are going to use in the future. And so what can you build that is very big enough for those agents to use. It's trying to see a hard question to answer. I hardly see like a very large ecosystem of apps being able to position themselves there. But who knows maybe maybe it will. So one thing, Paul, you said they are prepared for agents to use your apps. Because nowadays, and maybe that also helps with number of apps being used is declining. You tell your open claw, you tell your claw, you tell your whatever it is you use, right? You're agent to do something and then it hookups to your tools. So yeah, people are using it less. And on the other side, builders are building way, way, way, way more. So yeah, it's a yeah, everything is going to be very strange time to be alive for sure. Like it's it's the one thing that people can do to just fight this is definitely work more in it's it's easy to understand that's a compared to the guy not working on distribution. If you just do the slide, like that, if you just have an audience on social media, if you just, you're very good with working with the influencers, very good with us, very good with SEO. Those are the skills that you would need right now to make your product use more than coding. And competition is so, so huge. And what would you say to someone who's not technical? So somehow, someone who never did any development or programming, whatever. And they want to build a product. Would you still say AI is good enough to do that for them? Or is it maybe a bit overhyped in that sense? And is it better for them to find a co-founder or an agency or someone who can help them handle the building part? And they handle the ideation, use of verification or whatever? Age three depends on them. Like it's very hard to answer. It's the first time ever in history where they finally have the tool to build their own vision. Like it's it was I've discussed with a designer and this is and it was so frustrated. Every time she designed something gorgeous, she was handed his design to a dev and it was always badly implemented. Like there was always this, those little things that that was exactly like not exactly how she envisioned the product would be right now for the first time ever. She can't do the integration herself. And so it's, it's better integrated than ever before. It's at the same time, like it's it's very hard, it's still very hard for a non technical person to handle every single part of the dev workflow. Like just the deployments. If you need a monitoring building the payment infrastructure, it's very hard to even with AI right now. And so it can be very confusing. So I would definitely not advise to keep working with a bridge or technical person. What what change is that if you are working with a technical person, you can now ask for a good access and you can now do some technical things as a non technical person. Like you can you can definitely change copy on the landing page. Even if this is coded coded directly, you can you can just learn the basic of gates and and do the work yourself. If you are not, you're not going to be always reliance on the technical person to change the product. And I think this is just only on amazing for non technical persons. 100%. Yeah, because we we see a lot of founders come to us. Like how it worked before is when someone came to me and said, hey, Gabriel can help us build this thing. They came with Figma design or whatever it is right, with the design. And then we went through that. We made a plan and we started executing right now. They don't come with Figma designs. They come with I don't know, lovable, V0 or whatever these are pro I would call them prototyping apps because I think it gets you the prototype, but you still do it properly. But they come with this whole thing. Like you said, like they actually can visualize it themselves and buttons work, it's clicking and the whole idea is there already they can see it. Right. And now when you have that or maybe you already use that for validation and get some response back, now we can build it for you properly without like security risks or any of that mess, which is again cool. Like they can go from nothing to a whole prototype in a day. It doesn't have to take a lot of that. That's the same. I guess it also helps you understanding much better the vision of the person that you want to bid for. 100%. It's so we are now so much faster to onboard and start working on it because we already have like a thing that looks like it works. And right. It's good. It actually gets decent and we can see it visualize it. We can walk through it with them. We can pinpoint a this might not be smart or this might be wrong. Because again, they have a lot of like it's an idea. Right. And now help them shape it. And we can start a lot sooner than we did way, way, way before, not way, way before. Even like a year ago, it was totally a different thing. It's moving so fast. So yeah, but you're right. And you give a like a good access or editing access to your clients so they can just change things on the way. Depending on who like some just don't care and then don't want any of that. Some do want that. So we do allow it. We still like kind of have AI doing the branches for them. So it's always different brands. We can always go back. Like it's we have kind of stepping stones for them. But yes, we have we have a couple of clients who who do require that. And it's much better. Like if they are changing, like you said, copy or maybe a color or stuff like that, like AI is more than capable of doing that for them really quickly, really easily. So why would they have to ping me? Or if we are mostly in different times zones as well? So if I don't know if it's midnight for me and I'm sleeping, they can do it themselves, which is again something about helping them. Something that AI really enabled them that I didn't initially see that is that it's it's like just going back to an old project or acquiring a product that is very hard to sustain or maintain it it gets very easy with AI. Like it's I went through that like I went back to a very old project and it was just a mess like it's it was very old programming. And so I just talked with AI and it it helped me in listening all the structure of the project. And it did all the updates for me without having me to just deeply understand the code. It's it's just insane how easier acquiring another product is going to and I read that I didn't see it's right now. Like it didn't feel like it increased the number of acquisition going on right now. I wonder if it's going to be the case in the near future. I never looked at it from that perspective, but when you say that right now even for us when a product succeeds of our clients, right? And they are happy and they need more devs. Like it's super easy for my second day of third day, whatever to jump into the project. It's not like it back in today like you need to calm the weight and it's understand it. It's way, way faster, way, way easier. But you write even if you acquire a product from someone that's older or that's not written in the best. You can easily understand it and rewrite it. Yeah. It's also a complete complete different mindset compared to before. Like previously I was a studio for a very large startup like five years ago and you always had those great developer that know one system very, very well. Like completely owns the system and so it's kind of a very hard to replace guy. Like if this guy just quits, it's an nightmare. And it's the end of this. Like it's completely the end of this time where you have essential people that need to work on, like you need to make sure that these developers feel super well because he's a national person in the team. Like it's so crazy how these changes, everything regarding the how the teams aren't going to be managed just because right now it's so easy to replace to just jump on a new project, jump on an old project and understand everything was happening because you do not have to work very to look closely at the code. Yeah. And sometimes like it was even impossible to take over some of the projects, right? Or the risk was too big to lose that one guy, to bring someone new, will they be able, like now even they were like back in the day there was like react developer, view just developer, no JAS of developer. Now that's like if you know how, if you ever done any development and you've good engineer it hard right, it doesn't matter what language it is, what framework is used, it's super easy to keep, do whatever you actually want and use whatever you want. So it's super cool, it's super cool. A couple more things before we close off is like most founders are told to focus on one single thing and you are running five companies at once. Why is that? So I feel like I've acquired some like playbooks that are easy to implement into active products. Like I can run those playbooks multiple times. I found and created some systems that are easy to run on each product. And I want to apply those things into multiple projects and same time. I think it's very but it's also making me able to save a lot of save a lot of the cost with volume discounts and volume work. So I find it very rewardful to work on on developer product at the same time. I would definitely not advise doing that for if you want to just start building a product. But at the same time I would really advise to just read more. Because like many, many people did this, they just fall in love with their idea and they would just work doing two years on on those ideas. I really think that you need to timeframe your work on a specific product and if this doesn't work, it probably means that this is not the right product work on and you did just move on to the next idea or next product. Nice. And like let's like if you're honest like is there a product of these five that you would like like to kill off because it's too much or are you looking to build more and and like get more out of it. Because like you said you have co-founders that handle part of that work. So it's easier. That's why it's even doable. I would assume if you had to do it all alone, it wouldn't be possible. It's not really that I want to kill the product. It's not really my thing right now. I'm more looking at the art product that just ran very well without me. And so I'm looking at ways to build the system that would just make the product run and grow without me so I can focus on jumping on new products and making the complete ecosystem more better suited like more synergies between the products. So no there's no there's no product that we want to kill. Nice. And you've got around like 200 followers on X and how much of your like how much easier it is now for you to build something and push it to audience or validate it even right now you get more people coming in straight off the gate than it was when you started maybe didn't have this following or does it help or not? I would that would be the question. It definitely helps. Like I'm not going to lie it definitely helps lots. This is why I keep investing a lot of time on building my following. But it's really not a guarantee for success. Like every new product that I launch, like I'm working on tons of other products that are fading and the spirit don't see because they are in stealth mode. I have like I think Peter levels tweeted about that. He tweeted that he has somewhere about like a five percent success rate with his projects and I might have the same or maybe like maybe like 10 percent but it's not crazy. What we're having a following is helpful with is that every single product that you launch it has a real shot. Like it's it has people listening to you being just attentive to what you're going to publish. It's very easy for me to get 100 people to try a new product and give me feedback. So it's definitely an unfair advantage that I have and I this is exactly why I am building a following. But then when the product grows up until like maybe maybe you can grow a product like this until 10k in monthly revenue. But at this threshold you need other more sustainable acquisition channel or your product will not really grow above that. And I've talked to many many founders with big bottoms. They worry about to grow the product 6k 8k sometimes 10k monthly revenue. But then it kind of stops and then every time they stop talking about it the churns kicks in and so revenues start to slow down and slightly decline. If you want to grow past that I cannot say that's you know like SEO ads working with influencers having a strong affiliate program. Those are the sustainable acquisition channels that just can get you much further. And if you let's say someone is building a product right now and they've seen some success they came to this range of I don't know like you said 5 to 10k a month. What would you suggest them next? Do they pick one of these? Do they pick SEO or ads or influencers or affiliates or do they try a bit of all and then figure it out? Like what would you say is the biggest leverage that you can do first to try and grow that? My way is really to just pick one or two and just go very heavy on that. There are just so many channels that if you want to be very good at something it's going to take so much time. Being good at collimating it is very very hard. It feels like you can just hug your way and just doing it very low key involvement. It's really not the case. You need to be very good at copy. You need to be very good at actually you need to be very good at many, many things to be good at collimating. People just don't realize that. And so I really like if I look at every single one of my products they just grow on one or two big acquisition channel. That's it. Yeah I think that's a smart way to look at but you're right. There isn't the single thing. In general in life that's easy. A good thing that's easy almost doesn't exist. It's always if you try too many things at once probably nothing will succeed because you'll quit too early to know even if it works. Especially long-term things like content or SEO that takes time. You can always do that and also doing something more actively like ads or email. So I think combine the different approaches. something that's more direct or quicker return and something that's compounding. Like you said at the beginning something that will take you a lot time to build but once it clicks it just keeps on giving. Yeah, awesome. Yeah. Thank you very much for jumping on a call with me. This was amazing. Thank you for your story for the tips advice. I'm sure audience will really like it. If you have any links that you'd like that you'd like to say right now just feel free to plug them. We'll also link everything you sent me below in the description and yeah this was a pleasure man. Yeah, I think the easiest to find it is a teammate career.io. It's where I house my newsletter. I write weekly about product growth and how to grow startup teammate career.io that's I think we have like something like 70k readers every week. So definitely the best place to find it. Thank you very much for having me today. Yeah, thank you man. It was a pleasure. Bye.
