Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Tibo Maker",
  "company": "Outrank / Revid AI / Feather",
  "video_id": "r7MpBV3od2I",
  "title": "How He Sold an App for $8M",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7MpBV3od2I",
  "channel": "Internet Empires with Ish Verduzco",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
announced that you sold your last startup for a pair of startups for $8 million. I had a couple of failures before that. Honestly, I was really struggling. I'm not gonna raise VC money. I'm gonna focus on product. I'm gonna focus on validation. Ship one product per week, two cups. Basically from days year, we were supposed to go from 1.5 in annual revenue to 10 million in annual revenue in less than two years. It feels like we could have achieved the same on our own. Reading is getting easier with AI. The search for this is not getting easier. So think, think distribution first. So I'm looking at a tweet right now where you announced that you sold your last startup for a pair of startups for $8 million. Like I said, I'm a user. I use both of them to eat Hunter and Tapio. But for the people who maybe don't know or they're not chronically online like you and I are, can you share a little bit about that story? What it was with those apps did and why you sold? Yeah, it's actually a long story because I had a couple of failures before that. Honestly, I was really struggling. It was like you really want to be entrepreneur. You really want to have a six or six of those startups. You thought you were going to make it easy and you just didn't. And like in 2020, I quit my job, tried to travel the world. COVID happens. So I didn't. I get stuck in France and I got back to my, I got back with my first co-founder. And this time we tried to things differently. Like we both of course. Sorry. What was the first startup you did? It's a thing called a pistach, which means pistachio, English. It's basically something to make your kids do the daily chores. Like clean up their room, brush their teeth, think like that. It did okay. We ended up setting it for small, small money. It was definitely not the success that we were looking for. Gotcha. So you got back with your founder? Yeah. Yeah. And this time we were like, we're like, we're not going to raise VC money. We're going to focus on product. We're going to focus on validation. We're going to ship something like ship one product per week until something really stick and into something like really tight off. And we did that for like I think four months, shipping like week after week. I think we shipped like 10 products. It was, it was nice because like every new product, the one after another, we got a slightly bigger audience on our newsletter and on Twitter. And so every single one was a little bit more successful. Like who were like getting like 100 in monthly revenue, like 200 monthly revenue was getting a little better and better. And till we shipped to it, which took off basically from day zero, like it was, it was truly useful to people. What we did is, so you had a lot of social media tools at the time. Like the famous one like hot, sweet later, I think that that's probably not. Yeah, exactly. But none of them was actually helping you writing better content. It was just about scheduling. What we did with Twitter was it was like we indexed hundreds of thousands of tweets. And when everyone was trying to generate stuff with, I think that was at the time it was GPT three. We were using it to truly understand tweets, understand the structure cluster, categorize contents. And we were analyzing your tweet content and trying to build for you a world of inspiration tweets. So that you can build connection between those tweets. You can like understand what's a good tweet and understand what's the trending topic. And just by looking at this world of tweets, you just came up with, you just come up with IDs. And it works so well for me that it was a work for a lot of people. And it took off from basically day zero. Yeah, for people like me that are kind of these growth market types who do a lot of what you automated for people. Like I did a lot of like, you know, studying tweets and structures and hooks and trying to figure out like what works and what doesn't work and character counts. And like framing it so that it's done stopping or easy to read. And then you kind of did that for everybody. So do you think that was like the differentiator that other apps or tweet or Twitter specific tools weren't doing or like what else you think was your edge? Yeah, because we built the entire app around that. Like and I saw like a lot of other apps trying to catch up on this and build in their own inspiration feature, but like everything in their app was not optimized for that. Just like, just going to tell you a simple thing is our tweet writer like the space where you write tweets wasn't the side. And at the same time you could see the world of inspiration tweets. And just by looking at that at the same time as you are writing, it's it just it makes it make things so much easier. Like it's so easy to write a good tweets like that. And when I was looking at companies, they're just trying to make the world of tweet, but it was you couldn't write at the same time. So you had to move from a page to another one. It was really not good UX. Yeah. And so when did you launch Taplio? How did you kind of grow both of them in tandem? Yeah, it's like let's fill in the gap a little bit. Yeah. We launched 300% dedicated to Twitter. Very early in the journey, we tried to reach out to like big Twitter people, big influencers. And one of them had this awesome reaction when he he just he just wanted to be in the journey. He just wanted to join as a carpenter. And we thought about that. And we said yes basically this and we tried this. We found this deal where he would join as a carpenter take 25% of the share. And it worked like it worked very well. It worked so well that six months after that, we thought about building an equivalent product for LinkedIn. And we six to replicate this exact strategy. But in this case, we didn't build the product first. We looked for the LinkedIn influencer first. Like a good LinkedIn influencer took part. And we went to a company that was in a way and to build the product with him. So the person for Twitter that you found they were like a distribution co-founder, like they had a big audience that were well respected in the space. And you kind of like leverage their their audience and trust to just, you know, make this kind of viral in the in the space. Yes, exactly that's basically like we like we we work with him to to to of course like a talk to his audience. But at the same time, he was fitting the role of basically CMO. He was like building campaigns after campaigns, thinking about how to grow the product, but all across the board. It was a very integrated partnership. Like if if we just didn't get around, it could go very bad. Yeah. But works. And like as you're building everything before your launch, or maybe even while you're launching Tapleo, like how big is the team? Is it you and your co-founder and the distribution co-founder? Is it more people? No, that's it. She's three. Yeah. And before the distribution guy comes in, it would just just the two of us. And that's that's basically one of the things that we changed compared to the two first startups that we did before is that we were used to hire like 10 people like race race VC money, hire 10 people, delegate everything and and like move on like this. And the thing is before you reach product market fits and before you are sure about what you have is is very valuable and people are ready to pay for it. It's much better. Like it's very easy to pivot and to explore many ideas with the next trim Lee, a small team. If you have if you have a 10% team, you can't certainly have to spend your days explaining why you are moving from an AD to another one. And you and people look at you thinking, but this guy doesn't know doesn't have any clue. Like he doesn't know what he's doing. Like any like you spend your day doing management instead of actually building stuff. Well, you have a lower to that. Yeah, you have like a lower risk profile too, right? So you know, if you're if your bills are I don't know $5,000 a month and your co-founders bills are $5,000 a month, then you if you make 10 grand, you guys are pretty happy versus if you do the VC route, you're making 10 grand a month. You're probably not that happy because you want to get to like 100,000. So you can have like a lot more risk building these like smaller apps that actually scale very well. But I was curious like why not integrate them together? Why not do like, you know, or I guess it doesn't make sense because it's called tweet Hunter. So it would be kind of weird if you did tweet Hunter and Tapleo integrated. But was that strategic like launching a brand new app that was sort of similar, but just structured for LinkedIn? It was mostly like the deal that we found with the Twitter influencer. It kind of forced us to think this way because he was a tweet person. He had like he was really not for the event on LinkedIn. And it was much better for us building another product, charging people more for it and working with another another influencer. It was making much more sense. So why did you end up selling? It seems like you guys had a good gig making good amount of money. Everybody known you in a space. You just want to start building something new and you wanted to have an exit or like big exit on your boat. That's a very good question. Honestly, I see it wonder if it was the good move or not. It's insane because we got acquired. We were doing 1.5 million in annual revenue. So what is that like a 4.5 or 5X boatable? It was supposed to be in 8X because the total amounts, the total acquisition amount was supposed to be 10 million because we were supposed to stay two years and to achieve some revenue growth which would get us the 10 million. Gotcha. To get the 10 million in acquisition money, we were supposed to go from 1.5 in annual revenue to 10 million in less than 2. And we didn't do that. We got from 1.5 to 8 million in annual revenue. Which is still insane. Yeah, that's a really impressive. In less than two years, we were going to 8 million. What I didn't really see at the time is that the deal was so like it was so about performance. We insisted so much about staying in depth and that's funders because that's how we we are. That we didn't get that many help from the people who acquired us. And so right now it felt like it feels like we could have achieved the same on our own. Yeah. Because it's not like they bought you and then they said, all right, we're going to give you a full growth marketing team. We're going to give you this crazy budget. All these resources and now you can like 10X or whatever 8X. It was definitely not that bad. We still operating the business. We were still managing everything. We had like a very tight margin to respect. We had to grow but at the same time we had to keep like 50% and be damaging. So we couldn't do like we couldn't appreciate like we had to stand track. Yeah. I think it was a smart move. I mean, you got the exit under your belt. You got a cash flow. It seems like your personality. I mean, I've been like, you know, following indie hackers in the space for a little while now. And it seems like you guys just you like like starting new projects and like scaling them and going through that initial growth phase. It seems it's just observing but it seems like that's what you guys like doing. And given like the fact that AI is making it much, much easier to build these types of tools, I'm seeing them pop up like basically like every day. And it seems like almost like every Twitter influencer has their own tweet scheduler tool. I've tried a few of them and then I did more as good as the one that you built because you built it more for like the growth, the person that wants to grow on the platform versus a lot of people again, they just build a tweet scheduler and then they add like now schedule on Instagram or schedule on LinkedIn. So you know, the value proposition is not that great. They're honestly. So I think it was a good move. But like what are you seeing now? Like that's that's that's that's interesting. Because my current business, which I started like after the two years or now, my current business is now generating more than the money I was generating when I got acquired. So why would I not be setting now? Yeah. Well, the second time around, you have like the distribution you have a huge audience. have the trust. And you have a lot of people that it's okay. And you have a lot of people that like, again, like they trust you. So they're not, you're not going to just build a shitty product and charge $49 a month or whatever. So like maybe we can dig into like what you're building now and some of the businesses that you're working on. Yeah. So I got released from my commitment by the part. Yeah. We actually we left early by the way. So we found the deal because I wanted to build new stuff. We just wanted to move away. And so in April 2024, so a little bit more than a year ago, we got released with my co-founder. And since then, I'm working on new stuff. And I tried this crazy challenge because I see it. And I love working on different things at the same time. I'm trying right now to get to work on five apps at the same time and to get five apps higher than 100K in monthly revenue. Do you feel like when you put that out there? Like, because I looked at it's on your website. It's on your, I think you're LinkedIn. It's like putting it out there is a big statement because a lot of people hold you accountable. Do you feel like it's like personally more motivating because you're like, oh shit, I have to do this now. I told the world. Yeah. So she would like this. The social pressure is huge. Yeah. What's amazing is that it's doing it's doing pretty okay. Like I I would be like two out of the five apps higher than a hundred K per month. So things are being pretty well. And I love that it's somewhat diversified. Like the revenue is not relying on one product on me, but like mostly two. And out of the three others, two are on the very nice trajectory. Nice. And like maybe you can share a little bit about what the apps do. So we could just get a taste for it. And then also are you building them all by yourself or do you have a team? So have a very like I love actually that I love the stricters that have. I don't I don't really have a team like I really don't call it a team because it's like it's not my team. But on each of the five products, I work with a different co maker, which is which is a guy focused on on building the product itself. And I tech responsibility for distribution. Basically. So I handle doing like incarnating the product on socials, working with influencers, building the AFIRE program, setting up ads, I think like that. And I'm trying to be a handsome like on on some products. Like I want to be good at like I once I want to work on SEO. So I I called some SEO stuff. Like it's not that I'm just managing people and things than what to do. But I'm sure I'm doing stuff myself too. So I love this approach. Honestly, it works pretty quite right now. It's kind of it's funny how it came full circle, right? Like you hired a distribution co founder to come on. And now you've kind of like grown your profile to eventually be that distribution co founder. You have like the audience. You have the email. You have the trust. You have like you DM people on Twitter and like they check your profile and they're like, Oh wow, this guy's a jit. And they see stuff you've built. So it just adds so much credibility where you can do the partnerships. And you can do like the outreach yourself versus like, let me go hire a sales team or like a partnership team and do it. Yeah. It's pretty cool to say what's what's very frustrating right now is I get like I get a constant flow of people asking me if if I want to build something with them, which is which is awesome. Like I love that. But like because of my personality, I guess I want to build more. Like I want to get investing in more projects. But I just can't like five projects is really hard to yeah, it's a lot. Like you have five different contexts to follow. And like I want to do so many things that I can do. So I don't know how to go to the next step basically and how to like scale more this model, which seems not rescheable. But it who knows maybe I find a way. Yeah, let's run through the five products starting with the ones that are doing the best because probably the one right now. So it's not not sure if it's my favorite, but it's the one driving most revenue. It's it's called Revit Revit.ai. It's a video at AI video based tool. It's basically you start with the prompts. You tell it what you do and it will create a video for you. It's basically like under the hood, it will create many scenes for each scene. It will think about if it needs to add an AI avatar generator, voice generated video or generator, an image that's going to be animated. It will think like that. And it will just output a video that is fully editable. As you can just move stuff, change text, reach the rate of voice stuff like that. What's what's awesome is that it can take a PDF and build a course for like a video course for high school students or it can be the very business-oriented video to teach people how to react to that something like COVID. Therefore, it can generate an alternative ending for demo-thron if you didn't like the the last season stuff like that. This is kind of interesting because it's a tool that allows you to build almost anything. So who is your like main target audience and how are you like acquiring them or converting them? It's not as many shows like 200. You know where it's like 200. You want to grow on Twitter, use this tool. It's very specific. Yeah, target. The biggest audience is basically TikTok and YouTube people, people doing shorts and TikTok videos. We have a lot of people who are like managing their entire social media channel through Revit. Because Revit can just help you and understand which video on TikTok are working very well. What's the formats? You have like this wall of inspiration exactly like you had in Twitter. You can just extract the good scripts from the best videos, generate a new video from them and then you can automatically post on YouTube, TikTok and Instagram. So cool. So you can manage. Yeah, you can manage your entire social channel from Revit. And how much money is that one making a month? This one, I'm not really, I'm not really public about very. Okay, that's okay. But it's maybe you can show like profit margins like how profitable is it like 80% 90% 50%. It's more like from 30 to 50 because generating AI video cost a lot. We don't have our own models. We don't have our own GPUs. We're just using some out of the box stuff. And like the main acquisition source is it adds or how I'm not assuming that they follow you on Twitter. How are you reaching these people? No, it's really so we have ads but definitely not like it's the ad business is getting so competitive that gets positive. Adro is so hard. The main one is Refro. People are talking about it's affiliates. Like Revit is a tool that's conversing very well. And because it's a premium product, quite a year is quite high and price is quite high. So it's an awesome product for affiliates to refer. Yeah, because you're like referring a product that's really good. So when somebody tries it, they love it and they refer to other people. So the changes. Yeah. And you get the recurring commission, which is awesome for you. Very cool. Okay. Maybe we can talk about some of the other ones that you're built to. It's just fascinating by the way. The second one is Outrank. Outrank is basically an all in one SEO tool. Hope we just announced today that it rich 150 K-per-month. Which is awesome because it's basically zero a year ago. So what makes Outrank lan successful? When I joined this project, this is very interesting. When I joined this project, it was basically a blog post generator. That's it. Like you prompt something. It was generating a blog post. And we worked with the maker to like to change it from a blog post generator to some kind of automatic publishing machine for a blog. But the difference is it was not only generating blog post, but it was analyzing your website, finding the best keyword to rank for something with high volume, low keyword difficulty. So you have an opportunity to rank there. And then it will automatically create a blog post that is tailored for this keyword. So it's not only it's not that you would have to come up with the idea of the contents, but it will look the right content to create. And it will do it for you every day without you having to do anything. Yeah, almost seems like it's a positioning play too, right? Like, okay, there's two options. You want to, you want to get blog post done for you? Yeah, sure. Maybe you want to rank higher in SEO. Hell yeah, I do. And so like, if you like fill in the gaps to make that second part possible or the second option possible, then people I think are willing to pay a lot more and people are going to be more inclined to actually convert like people like myself. Like you said that. And I'm like, all right, I just are using this tool today. It's it's much more benefit oriented. Yeah, you know, it's what you what you care most about is your is getting organic traffic, get it in traffic to websites. And that's what we are providing. Basically, we it's it's a tool like you it's a it's a plugin for gets you apply you let it handle your blog and it will get blog post out for you on your on the platform that you are using. It will get you backlinks. So you grow your dominating and you rank more all across the world. And we are cooking something that's truly amazing. It's not out yet. But when it will, it's going to be it's going to be amazing. It's like the main ac I'm assuming the main acquisition of sources like using SEO to get people to to the page and then convert or how definitely not really. But now because what's what's awful when you are building SEO tools is that all your competitors, they are SEO professionals. And so ranking like doing SEO is so hard. So we basically we gave up on this and the main acquisition channel is is basically X my newsletter, my audience, socials. Oh yeah, because I mean, that makes a lot of sense. A lot of your audiences like indie hackers, other builders, creators, founders and all of them. That's like one of their top priorities is like distribution or awareness or traffic or ranking. So that makes sense. Okay. Yeah. What about some of the other ones? These two are ones that I need to start using today by the way. So we'll talk after the that's that's also quite interesting in the have been I've been at tax tax for these third projects. It's called super X. It's it's basically the new Twitter. So Twitter, the tool that I got acquired. That's yeah, I sold. It was quite sad, but the the acquire clearly both like was was far more interested in tapio than Twitter. So it was far more interested in the LinkedIn tool. And and Twitter was basically forgotten. And I was super sad because I was a heavy user like my audience is spammy on on X. And so it was falling behind on so many things. And it felt so wrong to start using a competitor because I needed those those pages. So I found this opportunity to partner on a new X tool. And it's called super X. And it's actually skyrocketing. Like it was it was basically at below one K monthly revenue about two months ago. It's now nearing eight K in monthly revenue. And I'm not sure it can follow the same trend as Twitter because Twitter was very early on this journey and still doing amazing. But I'm pretty confident it can reach 50 K or 100 K per month. I mean, again, going back to the first point that we started off with, like, you didn't raise VC money for this probably. So you don't really need to make 100 K in order to have like a success. Right. So like everything from here on forward is already a win. Yeah, definitely. Like if you if you make 50 K per month, it's it's very common to like do 50% gross margin. So 20 25 K divided by two coffenders. It's very it's very decent. Like it's definitely something that you can live with even if a white rich country like the US or France. Yeah. And especially considering that it's one of the five tools that you're working on. And I don't know how much time and energy it takes, probably not that much. If you're able to do these other things and build your news that are and build your presence online. So that's interesting. And why did you get hate for people say like you just, you know, redid the last app that you did before, like not original? Yeah, something like this. It was it was not super like strong hate or like not getting the spectators on side foot. But yeah, I got like people were so surprised that I didn't have a no competes on like the tweet and to topic. But yeah, I didn't. And so it was allowed to do that. Interesting. I mean, people like like Nikita has sold the same art, the same startup like three times. So it's not that bad when you're doing really getting the hack your tool. Okay. Well, can we can we talk through a little bit more of the other ones that you did? Are you working on? Then another one is a post sinker post sinker is it's basically it's a social media tool too. But with a very different positioning from from superics, it's it's it's basically for people who want to be everywhere. If you want to post on LinkedIn Twitter, but also Instagram, threads, YouTube, you can do it on post sinker. Like you can you can post from from one place to 10 different platforms. I've been incredibly amazed by the maker I work with because I like I know I I caught in myself Twitter and tap. And so I know how those APIs are hard to work with. Like especially Twitter. Now this X API is a lot more expensive. It's lost stricter. Even though the link is really strict. Yeah, but linked to these words, like it's so hard. Like you have so many HKs documentation is so bad. But this guy, he he found ways to deeply integrate each platform at a very deep level. Like you either you have pretty much all the features you can you can use on X, but you have them on all the 10 platforms, which is insane. That's so cool. In a pretty cool, fast and and workable UX. So you have one place to to post everywhere. This is kind of a I didn't plan on asking this, but are these people coming to you? Are you coming to them? Are you like putting out like, you know, call to act or like, you know, on your newsletter saying, Hey, I want to build this or somebody want to partner on this. And the reason why I ask is because like now you're in a position where you yes, you understand the code. You understand how to build it because you've built him before your technical. But for people like me or the people that are listening who are like more of like the growth founders or growth people, like should we partner with builders or makers like you say and build cool tools? Should we like, you know, what's the how do people like, you know, me or take advantage of the potential that there is right now? There's something that I learned the hard way is I didn't always have this this model. Like I started after the acquisition of Twitter. That appeal. I basically tried. I guess what most entrepreneur tried. I tried to hire a developer force my ID to the developer ask him to bring something cool that I found was cool. It was delayed like two months past the product was not ready. So I wanted to pay him more two months past again. The product was still not there. But I really wants the quality to be here because I had some social presence. So I didn't want to lose trust. So I paid him two months more. And what I found out is when it's your ID, the person working on is going to be it's always going to be less motivated than you. And so the fact that right now I'm working on other people's ID, it it changed everything. So I to answer your question, it really depends. Sometimes I go to the maker. Sometimes the maker goes to me. But in every single case, I'm working on the maker's ID and not deal with it. And so the maker spend his days on his ID basically. And I just I just adapt to him. So of course, yeah, you can't buy intrinsic motivation, right? Like all the money in the world is not going to force somebody to do something that they don't want to do. And if they do do it, they're doing it with like their feet, they're dragging it on the floor. And they're like, all right, I'm just getting this done because he's paying me a bunch of money. Yeah, that's really smart because it's a perfect overlap of like they're intrinsically motivated. They're building their idea. You see potential in their idea, which is also kind of your idea or something that you would have done anyways. And so that overlap in the middle is like perfect because each person is happy with the partnership. And you're not like forcing them to do something that they don't want to do. Yeah. And and it happened once like on one partnership, we grew from zero to 800 in Matthew revenue. But then we got we got stuck like it's doing six months nothing happened. And I was not I was not successful in finding a way to distribute this product. And so I just got away. Like I released my shares, I gave back everything and the maker was quite happy to have used opportunity to continue on his own. I just was fine. And then you also got like the time and the energy and the mental capacity that you were giving that, you know, 10% of your time, their energy back to whatever other products you want to do. So that's cool. Exactly. Nice. Then is there one more start that you want to share about? The final and the last one is feather. Feather is it's a weird one because this one I acquired it. Like I paid 250,000 for these products. It was at 6k in massive revenue when I bought it. It's now at 8, 10 in Matthew revenue. And I'm having a hard time growing it. Like it's it's stagnating churn is low because it's a it's a blogging platform. It's basically it's a it's a product that turns your notion into a blog. So you write a notion and you get a blog. By the way, it integrates very nicely with the outrank, which is amazing. That's smart. But the issue is that notion was very successful two or three years ago. It's getting a little less a little less successful and a little less famous right now. And so I'm having a hard time understanding how to grow this product and what I should do with it. Yeah. Would you consider like reselling it in order to get some of that like time and energy and attention back on your other four projects or are you trying to figure it out? I don't know to be honest. Like setting is a lot of work. And the product generates a lot of profit monthly. So there is no urge to to set it. And it's not like it's it was decreasing in revenue. So yeah, there is no urge. But if I get the good prop of sort of yeah, would service you consider it. Yeah, I guess what I'm trying to get at is like, if you're only working on one product and this is all your time and energy, then that's one thing. But you're working on five products. So if you have one product in the bunch that's not really working, I'm assuming it takes like a lot of maybe not a lot, but like it's kind of frustrating because you're like, uh, everything else is working pretty well. I could be using this time and energy on like making these even more successful or as your approach more like, let's just keep trying to diversify the portfolio. Because if I get it to work, then that's even more less risky of a profile risk across the board. It's a it's a hard question to answer because like it's the the situation but right now with feather is it's not reaching my expectation. But at the same time, it is not costing me a lot of my time. Yeah. And I'm not sure I would be able to say it. So I like spending a lot of energy trying to spend trying to get it acquired could be could could end up with like nothing. So yeah, not sure what it gets. Yeah, well, you'll figure it out. Okay, a couple more questions and I get you out of here. So you're really good at just building like a personal brand, building online audiences. I think the indie hacker community in general is kind of like ahead of the curve in just in terms of like building a public and you know, the founder, the maker, the owner of the business is like very public about what they do and building a following of people that are excited to follow the journey. What do you feel like is working best for you right now like today? And I know there's been kind of a trends along the way of the past couple of years. I think 200 and tapi are probably like very influential with those trends. But yeah, what's working for you right now? I think I have no idea who said that first but there's like I saw this with I think multiple times. Like I saying to be to be interesting on to be interesting on Twitter to be interesting on on X. You need to do interesting things as well. And I think that's that's the best advice you can give everyone. If you if you are building an interesting project, if you have an interesting hobby and share about it, you will probably find someone that's going to be interested in what you are doing. And it also helps that everything that you're building is extremely helpful towards specific community of people. Like you're not spreading propaganders, like spreading hate or like you know politics or news or whatever. It's like you're sharing updates of what's working for you building the startups, which is interesting to the very specific people. And you're building helpful products, which is awesome too. And it's it's incredible the number of problems that you would have doing that. Like when you are building, you can if you can face so many situations like can be DDoS attacks can be just DB technical problems, index problems. And people talk about that like the classic stock issue that which which stock should I use. That's all of that they are interesting products to talk about. Yeah. Have you ever like thought of monetizing the like the creator route? So I mean, it's kind of annoying, but like the ads route or the membership route partnerships route. Because you do have like a really sizable audience and people trust you and look up to you. But maybe it doesn't make sense because you're already doing pretty well with your startups. So I think I think I try like one or two sponsored tweets. Like I think click up click up paid me a thousand for sponsored tweets. I stopped right the way after that because just the back and forth for getting these two out. It's a nightmare. And I don't want to do that anymore. And and honestly, like as you said a thousand in a month, given how my product are doing, it's not going to make a difference. And it's not it's not it's not really pretty. So I would rather focusing on my product right. Yeah. Okay. And then we kind of covered this one a little bit. But like how can how do you think non technical people that are growth oriented should like most ticket advantage of like the AI space right now? Do you think partnering with like a maker that has a great idea or do you think they should just stick to like the creator route? Which is a lot of people do. It's it's funny because Peter live in tweeted something today about about coding and about how managing website is easy for him. And that's all that. In the end, I was like, what Peter means here is that you basically need to be a good coder. Yeah. And it's it's it's possible that in a near future, you can be a non technical person and fully manage an app and a website with AI without any technical knowledge. When for definitely not there yet. And so I would I would still like I would I really still encourage people to get technical. It doesn't have to be just about cutting can be no good platform. But just being able to plug apps together. It's like one the few a few of the apps that I built, it was just using Baba.io and plugging API together was not not about coding. Yeah. And it's stuff that like if you kind of grew up in like the early internet era, it's stuff that we all had to figure out anyways. Like early my space days or you know, some people were coding and didn't even know that they were coding or you know, building. Yeah. He's like websites and just figuring it out and like searching Google and YouTube and read it till they figured out. And even if you are focusing like this is this is obviously my way like you have an infinite way. But even if you are like not cutting and you don't want to be the builder in a like a co-founder relationship, take something like SEO. You can you can be very nerdy about SEO. Like there is a lot of technical stuff about SEO that you need to get right to get to get traffic. And so it's it's really about knowledge and skills and like so in the end that the nerds win, I guess. Yeah. On this kind of product. In the tech space in general, I think that's true. Yeah. You're like really deep in the indie hackerspace. I'm kind of just like an observer. What trends are you seeing? Are they could be good trends or bad trends or annoying things that you're seeing as an insider or anything in general? There's there's something that I'm a bit sad about it. It's it's all the turnabout AI replies which is putting the all social network. I'm a little bit sad because I participated in in these like with Twitter and tap Yo. We helped we helped this come to life. But at the same time like 10 different products camera, but at the same time doing exactly the same thing. So it was going to happen anyway. And I'm suffering from that too. We are trying your content. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely it's sometimes I'm like, okay, this one is it's is it AI generated? Okay. Yes. Probably I would I would skip it and not reply next one. Yes. This one seems human. I wouldn't reply to this one. So yeah, now like when I especially on LinkedIn when I comment on a post, like all like purposely like lower caves or like do weird spacing or just like tweet from my phone like if I'm like not even paying attention almost so that it comes across as like hey, this is actually me writing this post or writing this reply. Not like a perfectly written like AI summary of whatever the content was as a comment, you know, are you adding tpo to? No, I need this thing on my phone where I I decibil the auto compensation. Oh, that's very smart for first words. So it's for this exact purpose. But I'm not naturally like when I reply, I just are like how I write tweets. I just like know capitalization sometimes. Oh, period. Like weird spacing. Maybe I'll do typos here and there. Yeah, that's funny. That's funny. How we're going against the grain against like the trend just to stand out or just to show people hey, this is actually me. Okay, a few more questions. So the I know you're working on the five apps towards 100k a month. But like in general, what is all this that you're like working towards? You're trying to get like a certain exit. You just want to see how far you can push yourself as a builder as a maker. Or do you have like any near to midterm goal that you're working towards? So the acquisition was not a super pleasant experience. So I was really into like not selling anymore. And just trying to build these posts for you of apps trying to to build something that is coherence. That's where the fact that more money comes in on the project makes me doing that sport and distribution. And that would benefit all the other apps in my my portfolio. Right. Nice. It's working. I'm really looking at how I can scale this further. And it's really not any answer. Are there any ideas that you're exploring that might be high signal like bringing on other audience cofounders or I mean, there's always a bad model. But that's expensive. Like you said, it's more competitive now. Now I'm trying out working with people like me who would be also the distribution guy. And finding a way to like just cluster that together. Like just a way to create a group of like a group of distribution guy who would be incentivized on each other's projects and and see how that would go. Yeah, that's the work. Almost like an advisory model or like, you know, owners, small owners of each other's apps. I would love to create something like the the YCR in the hackers. Something good idea. Yeah. I mean, if anybody could do it, probably you know, I don't know if you have the time and energy to it. Even have a wife and two kids who are going to get mad. I guess if I do that. Yeah, that's another question that I was going to ask. Like what are you like outside of like the any hackerspace for like online space? Like what's the day to day? Look like for you, you know, you have a way to get a kid. About six months ago, I started learning how to fly planes. It's fun. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Tiny, small planes. But I did my first solo flight in June. It was amazing. That's incredible. You had obviously somebody next to you like guiding you and everything. Not on my sort of flight. Oh, wow. I got you so like that's yeah, completely through. I got so I had some someone on the ground guiding me in case something happened but she didn't because everything went smoothly. But yeah, I'm not afraid of flight, but I'm afraid of heights. And the fact that you're like fully in control of like, I am too. That's awesome. Like, yeah, when it's very hilly and I just get to the like this side of a mountain, I don't know how I say it. I get the same too, but on the plane, it's not the same. Oh, wow. That's awesome. What else man? What else are you like? Obviously every wife and kid. So I'm assuming very likely when you're not working. I don't like I can't really get any other hobby. I'm into basketball too, but that's that's pretty much it's like my kids like take a little time. This is a good average day. Wake up, you know, 10 to the kids work. You with the kids work. I 100 the kids in the morning from 7 to 9 until they get to school. Very cool. Well, it's awesome to hear that you're like, you know, family man too, not just like this indie hacker who works 20 hours a day and makes cool stuff. Okay, two more questions that I have for you. Like knowing everything that you know now after like all the startups that you built, the failures selling 200 and top Leo. If you had to start from like zero and that's including like zero distribution and zero audience, like what would you do differently? Would you like still build multiple startups at once? Just keep experimenting. Yeah, what would you do? When we started Twitter, we had basically zero distribution. So I think if I had to do it again, I would do it exactly like when we did what we did for Twitter and Twitter, which is basically I think the very first mistake that you do when you start is you have an AD and then you kind of force everyone around you to tell you that your ID is good. And because people are nice, they will tell you that your ID is good and they will not try to tell you that truth. They will try to be supportive basically. Yeah. And that's your worst enemy. You will end up working two years on an ID that's not good and not not worth working on. The first thing that I like everyone needs to do is not sell not sell not sell but validating validating validating validating. That's it. Maybe you need to validate what you're working on. You need to make sure that people are okay working on this. Okay, paying for that. That's it. And it seems like the only logical solution is to talk to customers a lot versus talking to friends and maybe people who are not the ideal customer, ideal profile of what you're building. I may be that's not your problem but I guess most makers I'm talking to, they are not talking to anyone. They're just talking to people. Just talking to people. Making sure they have a kind of decision with user or like anyone about what they are doing. It's something. Just talking to people listening to what they have to say that's a nice nice first. Yes. Cool man. Was there anything else that I didn't ask that you think I should have asked or anything else you wanted to share? I know you don't need a lot of like podcasts like this. So with AI, the assertion is not getting easier. So work, work your distribution. Think, think distribution. That's so funny. I don't know how much research you did on like me and my beliefs and my thesis and everything but one of the main reasons why like I quit my full-time job addressing Horowitz to do like this podcast and you know this creator thing is that I genuinely believe that like in a world where anybody can build anything, eventually anybody's going to be able to build anything. That brand and distribution is like the ultimate mode especially for people like you and I who like like creating and building things like before it was like the fact that you built the cool product that was a differentiator. Now that's you know becoming less and less of a factor and more and more of like can you reach people who trust you and who want to use a product and believe in you at scale and that's becoming more and more of the differentiator. So that's funny. I did not pay you to say that. I've just put that on the record so people don't think that I'm just forcing guests to say this. Now I definitely agree. Like 100% cool. Well thank you for the time. I really appreciate it and I'll be following yourself online. Like I said, I'm going to be probably another customer of yours for at least a few of your apps. Nice. And again great work with with like I said at the very beginning before we got on the air. I was a user of tweet hunter. I'm still a user of Tapio. So like the products that you built are genuinely like really helpful for people like me. I use them every single day. So thank you for like stuff that you've done. I think it really helps like this community of like id hackers or creators or internet builders. Just be more proficient and efficient at what they do. So we appreciate you did. But thank you very much. It was awesome having the opportunity to do today. Thanks. Thank you.
