Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Tibo Maker",
  "company": "Outrank / Revid AI / Feather",
  "video_id": "ZuHyPBfbjw4",
  "title": "I sold my startup for $8M. Then built 5 more making $400k+/month.",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuHyPBfbjw4",
  "channel": "Florian Darroman",
  "source_type": "youtube_search_appearance",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
The best founder I know all I've won thing in common. They felt art before they won. And Tibo is not an exception. He felt for four years before something clicked. Two years later, he sold two starter for $8 million. And quickly after his exit, he built five new starter that are now making multi-per-six figure amounts. In this conversation, Tibo worked me through exactly what changed between the version of him that kept feeling. I was doing everything I could to just feel good at the time leading her to boost my ego. And the version of him that could not stop winning. I think in two weeks, we got from 3K, it must be revenue to 20K. So if like me, you want to understand how success works, this episode is for you. Tibo, you failed for four years. Then after that, you built two starter that you exit for $8 million. Then you became a dad twice. And you did it again. You built five starter that now making more than six figures a month with different co-makers. So my question is, what is the amount I shift that changed everything from Tibo who failed to Tibo who did all this amazing seeing business-wise? That's such a good question. Like I think the one thing that I was doing before is I was doing everything I could to just feel good at the family leader to boost my ego. Like do you say this moment where you have all the family there? And it sounds so good if you can say that. Hey, I'm managing 20 people. It's such a good startup. I've just raised VC money. Everything is going in the right direction. I feel good about that. The issue with that is that you boost your ego. It seems to be working very well. People are so impressed about what you are doing. But the truth behind that is that you're not earning money. Nothing really works behind the scene. There's no client. There is no real question. And so everything shifts when I just got back to start being in 2021. And this time I was like, no employee, no VC money, just us together with my co-founder and trying to get a decent revenue. Not chasing the next Facebook. Just trying to make a good living out of the product we're building. And it has changed everything. It's funny because I had this conversation with Dimitro about exactly the same thing that sometimes you build to prove and sometimes you build to just for yourself. Like you know, just to make money and be free and not to show to other people that is like maybe your family or anyone around you and you just build for yourself. And it finally works. So this is what happened for you. Yeah, definitely. 100%. And you started Twitter and Tappelio. I think almost at the same time with your co-founder. I want to ask you this question first, because then we'll come back to you always working with someone else. How did you find this co-founder? It's like the same co-founder I was failing with before. Like we had an engineering degree. And so just after my engineering degree, I went to a business school to try to learn how to create a startup. The, like this program was not incredibly high. But the one thing that was amazing about this program is that I met this co-founder. And he is a super talented marketing guy. He used to run ads in a small agency in Canada. And so we did a lot together. We did his first title that totally failed. And when we got back together in 2021, we had this crazy change where we're trying to like ship, create and ship one new product every week until something stick. And we felt like I think eight, nine products didn't really go that far. And Twitter was like the eight event product out of this theory. And it just, it took off very fast. And what do you think is the difference between the product you were building before and Twitter and the, like you said that you were building them to prove something. And then you build a product to make profit. But what do you think is the real big difference between the two? I think with Twitter, I was trying, like it's, I was trying to build something for myself as a user. Like I had, I was, I was realizing that Twitter at the time was the acquisition channel that got me my first user for pretty much every single one of my products. And so I was really invested in, in Twitter. And like I wanted to grow by an audience on Twitter. It was something that was really like, I wanted to spend, like I wanted to commit on that platform. And I was trying some hacks. Like I was, I was trying to download a tons of viral tweets. I was playing with the API. I was trying to find patterns with viral tweets. And at the time, I don't know if you recall that, but that was the very early days of GPD-3, which was gay, like it was hard to get access. I finally got access and I started, like, playing with the API and then I was in tweet trying to cluster the tweet, trying to categorize them. Like I remember I was trying to understand if each tweet was somewhat startup related. And just by doing that, I was able to do, like to build this library of viral tweets, talking about startup. And it was, it was just like CLI based. Like I was in the terminal just seeing the tweets. And just that, it was super helpful to come up with very interesting things to talk about. And that your brain does connection between the contents. So just by looking at viral tweets, you can then come up with super interesting content. And I was posting them. It worked. And so by doing something for myself first, I was able to build something useful, which then became a product. And was it useful for both of the co-founder or only you? Like what was the, I don't know, what was your task and what was your co-founder task? So I was definitely the developer. So I was playing with the API. I was prototyping things. And that real fun, I was the guy bringing the ID. And I'm not like sending the ID on Slack, talking about that and then do the prototype. I'm more like I have an ID. I will not talk about it. I will build the prototype right away. And six to eight hours later, I will send the prototype to my co-founder and ask him, like, hey, what do you think about that? And I remember that at the very early days, he was not really seeing the potential, but like two or three days past, I updated a few things because I really wanted to go with these products. And he finally, he was saying it. He was saying the value. He was using it a little bit. I improved the algorithm behind it. And yeah, it became very useful for him too. Like it was, it was about, he was able to write good tweets with, with $202, like at the very early days. Just four people to understand at this time, at the very, very early day, tweet hunter was basically a search bar where you could just write something like marketing or startup. And it was then displaying a list of viral tweet to get inspiration from. So it was incredibly simple, incredibly, like what is it was a one feature product basically? Was that the MVP? Did you launch like that or did you launch Shaita? Yeah. Yeah, we launched like that. Like we went live on Twitter and read it with just a one feature product. Which I knew. It seemed very small at the time, but behind the scene, we had this entire algorithm categorizing and clustering tweets with AI. Like at the time, AI was not very good. Many of the word was what we're trying to generate stuff with AI. And not a lot of people were doing the using GPT-3 to analyze content. I think we were quite early with that. And it was, it was working very well. I think you are definitely because when I discovered Twitter until I didn't even know about AI. So yeah, you're definitely early. And you learned that product. You made, I think you went up to 3000 a month, like 3000MR with your co-founder only, right? Or did it a bit more? Yep. And then you did, yeah, tell me. Yeah, pretty good, that's. Then you did the famous G-camodine launch. And it's funny because I was telling you before is that I didn't really know you were behind Twitter because for me, it was G-camodine was the founder of Twitter. And then I heard about you when you actually exit. And then I dig into it and I understood the old strategy behind it and I loved it. So you basically did partnership with G-camodine or was back in the day, it's still huge. But I remember back in the day, it was really huge and really powerful on Twitter. It was exploding and you did this partnership with him for the G-camodine launch. Can you explain a little bit more about that? Yeah, it's very funny because we have no intention in going with the, like going this direction. That's, I think we were between one to two K in monthly revenue. I was just reaching out to big influencers, quite randomly. And I remember that this guy, like G-camodine, he reacted in a very unexpected way. Like he just replied, okay, I won't in. And I didn't fully understood what it meant, but we talked a lot and he said, yeah, this is, this is exactly the methodology that I'm praising in my course, in my Twitter course. So I love their approach and I want, I don't want to just probably, I want to be in as a co-founder and I want to build that with you. It was complicated at first because I already had a marketing co-founder. So we were afraid that it would be some kind of, like double to have two people doing the same thing in the team, but we find an agreement. G-camodine got up to 25% of the products. So it was like a super well integrated partnership. He really got big shares, 25% out of a three percent team is quite big in my opinion. But it worked incredibly well. Like we worked together in staff mode for like two months. We improved many things. We built an entire Twitter schedule, just out of this inspiration feature. And in September 2021, we, like she came on in our organize his own launch out of the products and just this launch, I think in two weeks, we got from 3K in month revenue to 20K. So 70K in month revenue of I Asian. And what's even crazier is that I anticipated that this launch went very well, but a lot of the people would churn and then we would have like a downtrend from this launch and had to work things out, but it really didn't happen like that. We got many, many people on board. And from that launch, we grew consistently 20% month over month until I don't like something like from 20 to 200K a month over a year and a half. So yeah, it worked crazy well. It did. And I think what you did really well, and I think maybe you didn't know it yet when you did this partnership with GK Marina, but you basically used the make money marketing to actually sell at least that's what GK Marina did because yeah, the scores and he was talking about the fact that Twitter was helping him to make money. And it was true because I used myself Twitter for a while and I made six figures on Twitter setting my own product. And a big part of it was thanks to Twitter until back in the day because of all the automation on the auto GM that you add the retreat like everything was actually an amazing product. And I think that I see that a lot now people who were selling in for product before about make money, and now they switch to SARS and they start to sell their SARS with the make money marketing. Do you see that as well? Yeah, it feels very strange to me because like that, when you start with a new product, you usually have a very like surface layer approach where you just say Twitter is here to give you inspiration and come up with better contents. Like that's very surface layer. It's feature based marketing. And that was our initial approach. And one thing that I learned a lot with Twitter and TAPU and then that I am applying right now on all my new product like super X and the other stuff is that you can go much what's the benefits behind those features? And this inspiration layer is gonna help you come up with better contents. Better content is gonna help you get more followers and have a better personal brand. But this, it's also at the service of having a successful business and Indian making more money. And in the end, that's what people want. Like out of Twitter, Indian, what you want is have a more successful business and earn more money. And by embracing that approach and just changing a little bit on marketing, it worked 10 times more. Yeah, it was exactly that getting more leads, getting more sales, getting more money at the end. Well, I think it did amazing with this. And by GK money now, I was probably a really good partnership for you. And then you continued with, I think what you call it is like the influence of flywheel. When you did that with other people giving them equity like Danko, or did you came up with that and or did it works? So we did different things. Like, for so long, it works so well with GK money now. Then when we launched TAPIO, we tried to replicate this exact approach and we searched for and we found an influencer, I was a LinkedIn influencer to partner with TAPIO together. But at the same time, we did like, like you said, like we created a small group of, I think it was 15 Twitter influencer who would get 0.1% of Twitter, like meaning 0.1% of profits and 0.1% of the exits of Twitter. And this group would help us promote, improve, provide feedback and just help us grow Twitter. Which means like at every new launch, that we would have at every new feature announcement, we would have this group of 15 very high caliber Twitter influencer that would help us share the words. And it worked very well. To make this happen, it was not that easy to be 100 because at the time when we did that, Twitter was starting to be quite big. I think it was at 30 K per month. It was not crazy. Like it was not there to like not the reference on Twitter. So we made it incredibly easy for them to say yes. Like we said, we would give you 0.1% of the products. In exchange, we would love if you talk about us, we would love if you probably did that, but you, the contract would not, that make you have to do it. Like you would have no obligation at all, but we would love if you do it. And so pretty much 80% of the people which are to say yes and we were able to create this group. Did this something that you are using now for you on your product? Did you actually like replicate that? Yeah, no. So I replicate the influencer maker strategy with every single one of my products, but it's a one one relationship. And with the difference that I'm now the creator and I'm working with a maker developer. But I didn't replicate this group of people. It's something that I'm still thinking about. I really want to do something like this, but I find it incredibly hard to do it, to sustain it. And when you exit or when you have to pay out profits, it's again something very hard to organize. And so for now, I decided that I'm just missing the tools. It's really a shame that I had this crypto and NFT has this very bad reputation because I thought it would be the perfect tool to that at scale. But yeah, now it's just it's screaming scam. So I'm not so easy. That's what was the other spot about building three-time town. The what, the other spot, like the most difficult hard thing about it. That's a good question. I think one of the hardest is navigating the Twitter and ex-transition. So I don't know if you remember that, but we were building Twitter and at the same time, Elon Musk was taking over Twitter. And nothing happens in the first six months, but then very simply they decided to basically transition from a free API to a very, very expensive one. And just from one day to another, we had to pay 42K per month just to use the API as we were using it before. And the crazy part is that we were okay with us, like we were one of the lucky players on the scene which would be able to afford like that, that 42K per month. But it was crazy hard to find the way to pay. And so I remember that one day they just cut us out. For 48 hours, we were not able to pay and to use the API. So all of us were just cutouts of 200. They were not able to post. Our company was playing on that, saying, hey, we had the API just come to us. It's gonna be better on our side. It was incredibly hard to navigate to find the right version. Everything I was reaching out to my previous contact at Twitter, I would just run that they got fires and that was just not here anymore. So very hard to navigate. You build in public, you own X yourself because you use Twitter, of course. And now you have quite a lot of follow-ups. You are now in the part of like, I am the content creator, I am the influencer in a way and then I build with other make-ups. I just want to go back to... One thing about it, because I'm not using Twitter anymore because since I got quite inside, I left, it really looks like the new owner is not spending much time on Twitter. Like, the many very clear that their focus is tapio. And so Twitter got, it's a marketing slowly dying. And so I build basically the new Twitter, which is called SuperX. I think it's getting much more powerful than what went the worst. And so this is the tool that I'm using every day right now. Yeah. I use SuperX myself and I can tell that yet. This is definitely the next one for me and the one with the most potential in the future. So you are on the influencer side now, which is like you actually push the project and you build with other comaker, like Rob, which will you build SuperX with. But I just want to go back to one thing is that, maybe some people are watching it and see you with all these follow-ups right now. But I remember a time where you were walking so hard to grow an audience and you were making like huge shred about other people. You were making a lot of content to actually push on X. And what was your strategy back in the day? And I think my question is like, what was the strategy back in the day? And how much did you walk to get where you are now? So that's a really good question. Like for me, honestly, I'm a developer. Like I really think that I am in a lot of ways. So I'm not the extreme extrovert people that most influencers are. Like for me, writing is hard, writing on an X is, like it's painful. And something that I did and that worked very well for me is really about consistency. I'm not the best writer, but what I knew how to do is just show up every day, be nice with people, talk about something. Sometimes it's gonna flop. But at least I'm here every day showcasing my work, talking with people and peace after peace is working. Like a lot of things that I did are not working. Like I remember even after I reached 100K for hours, I did threads and long posts in which I put a lot of energy and they got something like two likes. It happens. Like it's gonna happen for 99% of people other. But the one thing that I kept doing is just showing up every day. Yeah, and you did it well. I really remember the kind of content you did at that time and you were really delivering daily and weekly. I'm like the quality of the content. So I think you earned it for sure. You continue building after that. I want to go back to the exit later, but now I just want to continue on the fact that you work with people and you like to work with people. And now you are working with filmmakers. There is Rob, there is few other ones, which you built these five startups. How do you find them? And what kind of profile you're looking for? So finding them is really about being here on X and talking with people. It's crazy that it was not the case at first, but right now after the exits, I get very often people coming to me and showing their products. And they don't necessarily think about that, but if the product is very well built and I see the potential, I would just achieve the conversation and ask, hey, do you want to work together in some ways? Maybe we can find their own agreements. Something that I do a lot is not try to push my eye these, but work on other people projects. And I realize that it's working very well because if you try to hire a developer to work on your projects, the motivation was the motivation will probably go down at one point. But if you reach out on an existing project, it's his ID, like the guy is gonna be crazy motivated no matter what, because it's his ID. So what I try to do, like my framework, is try to find someone with an interesting ID, a somewhat good execution, but the guy is stuck at 200, 300 of revenue per month without clearly knowing how to get out of this zone. And so I, John, we just try to revamp the products, try to change the core things that would match what I think people would want. Try to work with a few number of users, like 10 to 20 people for a few weeks, few months, see what makes the products sticky, what makes the products stand out. And then go abroad, like use my audience, use my newsletter, use the things I know about SEO about ads and about everything else to just grow the products. It's really interesting because I'm not a developer myself and I really want, like when I saw you doing it, when I saw John rush doing it, I really felt like this was something I would like to do. And then I tried, like since the beginning of the year, I tried a few times and I felt like the only money I made was I think we made like Android $50 total with the app. And I think I figured out what you just said is that I think it's better to work on the product of the dev, or like dev already built the product and then come and bring your source on top of that. And that's what I'm doing now. And I hope this is the key because this kind of partnership, I think is really appealing for a lot of people. There is dev who are amazing at product, but struggle with distribution. And there is people like me who love distribution and are not able to cut an entire app. So what's except the partnership? What other thing do you think is like mandatory to make it work? Yeah, that's a good question. The thing is, I think there's just, I think there's one big thing and 100 of tiny stuff. The 100 of tiny stuff is just executing properly, having a good design, like a work in the situation, rates, do the onboarding through writes, those stuff that are very hard to share because it's really 100 or thousands of very tiny stuff in your app that makes it experience good. But I think that the one big thing is talk to people more. It's really about that. Something that I did which worked everywhere in my case is pretty much for all my product until 10k of monthly revenue. And the support button in the app is redirecting to my own ex-GMs. And so when someone has a problem, they can just reach out to me and we start a conversation, right? That way. But what matters is, it's not understanding what, like the button is broken or they would want this color to be like this. What matters the most is, understanding the core workflow of your user and why your product fits in this workflow or why it doesn't fits. A good example is Outrank. Like Outrank is our only one SEO software. It started as a blog post generator. So the initial idea of, using my co-founder, it was just a blog post generator where you just input the topic and it would generate a blog post then you can edit it and then publish it. The quality was quite good on his, that's why I joined the project. It was well built. There's something that you had absolutely no reason to come back to the tool. Because it's very hard. People don't have the discipline to say, hey, I'm gonna go back on the tool every day and do the work of creating a new blog post. They just don't have these disciplines. So we totally shift the way the tool was working. Instead of you having to come to the software to just do the work of creating the blog post, the software would make it automatically for you every day, no matter what. Because the stickiness was like, we would shift the way it worked, to put the pressure on black. If you do not come to the software, no matter what, it's gonna be published anyway. So you can come and you can review what's gonna get published. But if you don't, it's gonna be published anyway. People that way would be forced to come back to see what was happening in the software. And that drastically improved retention and reduced churn. Does it sell the keywalls for the users? Like, others it will work exactly. Yeah, yeah, definitely. We went from just being a blog projectator to being like an only one that would understand what your product is about, understand like search for competitors. So generate keywords with high volume and low difficulty to rank. Then it would rank those keywords, work on the more relevant ones. And every day it would just create new blog post to shift these keywords, like to match the keywords. And it would automatically publish the blog post on your CMS. That way for like every single one of my five projects, the outrank is delivering one new blog post per day on all of them without me having to do anything. That just feels crazy to me. What I love about that is that you targeted SaaS from the like from the general and SaaS, I always saw that SaaS has a lot of backlink, always like SaaS website. They always have a lot of backlink which makes the website pretty powerful. And if you add content on it, of course it will walk straight away. But if you compare to like if you choose a totally different field, you would have different results and probably like different case changes. But I thought it was pretty smart to do that because yeah, the results, I think are way faster on the SaaS website than any other one. Yeah, you have a good one here. And that's one of our difficulty by the way. So what makes outrank even more powerful is that we cross link our user together. So if we have like 10 people talking about similar topic, we are able to backlink between each other. And so they build much more authority. But one thing that is hard is when someone's on our rank with like a horse related business or a bakery business. It's very not likely that we have other people talking about those topics in our user base. So it's very hard for us to create backlinks for those people. And so that's something that we are trying to solve right now. SEO is one of the best way to get constantly is to get insights on your website. People are searching for a solution on Google. And if you rank number one, you make a sale on a not-a-pilot. To rank on Google, you need to go to Google. You need the quality content and backlinks. In 2025, publishing content with AI became pretty easy. But the real struggle is getting quality backlinks on your website. It's time consuming and you never really know if a backlink will give you a boost or not. That's why I decided to use a link. I bought more than 260 backlinks from them. It gave me the boost I needed to sell my website for six videos. You can either pick your own backlinks for ST plus $5. Or you can book a call with one of their expert who will audit your entire website and actually give you a complex strategy to rank on the keyword you want to target. That's what I did. You choose your monthly budget and they take care of everything. You get backlinks every single month on not-a-pilot and you watch your ranking climbs without lifting your finger. I know it's really cheap, but trust me, it's 100% quality. I used it myself and the guy who back here, Plinkuma, is one of the biggest SEO inference. So if you want to get your backlinks on a top-pilot, you can use the link in the description and you will get 33 credit for your first campaign. Now back to the episode. You have currently five startup, reviewed, feeder, super X, our trend, per Cincare. Our trend keys, I think, sorry. Sorry. Five public businesses. Public. Our trend is probably the one that bring the most money, right? Because it's like I didn't follow the last one, but you're over 100k a month. Or much are you now? So our trend has crossed 200k a month, but it's not my product that's already the most money on. A brevity is. Brevity is. Yeah, that's really interesting. Can you share or it's like confidential? It's something that I don't really communicate on because there's just too much competition on this space, but yeah, brevity is making it a bit more than our trend. That's insane. I think honestly, Tibo, I'm, I will tell you now, I'm impressed by what you did because you built something that you sold for like eight million and then you did it again a few times and you make crazy number. And you know, I've been an SEO for a while and our trend is like a really competitive niche because any SEO wants to do this kind of tool. And I see that in France, I see that also in US and you killed it while you are not an SEO, even if you have SEO skills. I think just what you did in like different niches, with the Phee, the Super X, our trend, first thing, it's amazing. Why it will be out on sell this one, but why do you think you succeed so much recently? So I think, so first of all, thank you very much. It's very nice. Like I love the kind words. It feels amazing. Honestly, it feels, I'm impressed by the results. Feels crazy to me that I'm reaching that level. I think like, our trend is a nice example. I feel like we have been able to bring together some very different skin sets. Like the SEO skin sets at the same time as being a developer and at the same time, being good with socials. It was able to mix together a few things that you need to just create a good product while understanding how SEO works, while being able to promote it in the right way to kick off the network effects that our trend was needed. I think it's pretty rare to have all those things working together and I think that what is working in my case. Did you need all of this product yourself? Because, why we talked about that with Intel, you needed it, our trend. I think you needed it for your product, but did you need it all? Honestly, yeah, I'm using Masset every single one of our products. And so you have to see my Slack workspace due to, it's crazy. Like every day, I'm sending tons of feedback to the team, hey, this is nice. I love how you ship this or this is crazy, I love that, but I would put it like this in the product and change that, the flow on this is not working. There's a little friction here that I would like I would love you this disappear. My point here is something that I learned is that the quality of product, my opinion, is getting higher and higher thanks to AI. And so you have to raise your standards. Like you people want very high end product right now, and I'm working with the team every day to improve the tiny stuff that could make people go crazy. Just by doing that, by just trying to make the perfect products, it, I think it unlocks crazy growth. How do you manage that? I'll continue. Oh. I'll do a good question. How do I manage that? I don't know. Like I just, for me, it's easy. I worked from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. I'm just, I'm seated on my desk and I just work. I don't do course. I think I'm getting back a lot of my time by doing that, like absolutely no course with the team. So everything is recent. It's here, you can just get back to it. It takes time, it takes time, but yeah. I'm doing the work. I guess like I have this discipline where I don't have to, but I'm doing it anyway. Like I do the feedback, the constant communication with the users, never ending. Where do you fail in life? Because there is this thing that, you know, if you look at this kind of like octagon of power in your life, like let's say there is relationship, there is your health, your wealth, all this thing. If you pull on one side, there is always something that will get lower. Like let's say you work a lot, then your relationship will be odd. Your health will get, well, you will not be able to see anymore, whatever. I don't know to talk anymore. But what is the thing that you can't do? Or can you manage to do everything right now? That's very good question because I am asking this question actually quite often. And I think something that I'm not very good at is being a good friend. I guess like I, there's so many people that I absolutely love. Like I would love to see them more. But I'm very bad. I don't know how to see. Like I'm very bad at just reaching out to old friends and just keep the conversation going. Like I, this just turns, like we talked about that. I was in buddy and in buddy, I met some very incredible people. So, so nice people. I'm very bad at just maintaining this relationship, just saying hi, taking up some news. Yeah, that's something that I really want to get better at. And you think if you get better at that, something else will get better? I have no idea. I have no idea. But yeah, you're right. Like I'm focusing on my family and work right now. And many other things are going under, like going under, not going under, but like, like I would say I'm not focusing on them. You add at 1.7 figure on your account, right? Because you did the exit. You probably got a big part of it even if there was like these two years that you still had to work for it. How did it feel? Because I don't know where you come from. any wise, like the revenue you had before, but how does it feel to have so much money at one point in your life? So that's a very good question. That's something that people are very not used to. And like I was, I had no idea how it would make fear. And I remember that, so I was in Thailand before a valley. And I met with petalivers, petalivers like Lavelseo on Twitter. And he told me that it's a much more healthy to get a nice revenue stream of money growing than a big bunch of money at once. And I think I didn't really understand it and I didn't really listen at him at the time. But I think he's crazy right. Like it's when you get this big bunch of money at once, you can either go crazy and spend it like buy the lumbo or just, I don't know, go crazy with it. That's not me. And I'm more in this second part where I don't do anything with that. I pretty much nothing. I find it like, I would feel in guilty if I spend money that I'm not earning. So right now what I find much more healthy is trying to spend, to not spend more money that I get on a monthly basis. And so that's why I got back to work and I got back to creating new products. I'm trying to raise the, to increase the money flow, the revenue stream that I'm getting right now. And I allow myself to spend as much as I am getting every month. I don't know if that makes sense. Yeah. Now it makes sense that that is because I didn't exit in July, not that much, like not as much as you, but I totally get that. Like right now I will do anything to get back to having a cash flow. Like, you know, having a steady income coming every month. And I think exactly the same about putting money aside, you know, S&P 500, whatever. But make my money that way instead of waiting for the exit. Cause I waited for my exit too long. And honestly, it wasn't that great. How did you feel about exiting? Like the feeling of the... Yeah, yeah, it's... So right now I kind of work with a new rule, which is no exit. Because it really didn't feel good. Like for many reasons. And I really don't blame the buyer. This is totally not their fault, but because a tweet hunter and tap you had quite a high churn, there was like a very high platform risk with the product. Because of that, most of the deal was earned out based. Meaning that we would get something like 25% of the money upfront and 75% of the money. We would get it by achieving some revenue my son over two years. And because of that, we insisted on being extremely hands-on on the product, keeping the control during the two years. And because of that, I feel like we didn't get the help from the buyer with the proportional to the product. And that increased the pressure on me. Like because I wanted to achieve those revenue my son, I put a lot of pressure on myself to get there. And because we were not getting the help from the buyer, I felt like sort it. Like I felt I felt bad. Like I wanted to, I was mad at them. I really think it was not their fault, because we were the one insisting on keeping the control and that thing that was preventing them from helping us. And I think that's why I feel bad about this acquisition. Something that I think I would do if I ever get acquired again, I would really insist on no earn out. Like no very limited transition period, three month max, I guess. And after these two years, so you reached almost the milestone, you reached another one. You were not working for Twitter until I tell you anymore. What did you do? Like, how did it feel to have nothing to do anymore? It didn't happen. I'll say it didn't happen because I acquired timeframe I went to the end of the end of the announced. So I started working on new products before I even got released from my commitments. So I'm a little bit sad about that. Like I wanted to leave these moments where I have nothing to do being very peaceful and have real, real hoity, like real vacations without nothing to do, but that never happened. Can you take my question? I understand. Yeah, yeah. It's not being the only developer like I'm working with, who are the servers, makes me able to have more days of a kind of take a week off. And I would still try to connect on Slack and just have a look at what's happening. But, honestly, it's, I feel much less pressure than I used to on Twitter before. What's missing for you to be like, let's say not that the head of the business anymore, but as almost a shell or the, you know, that your company is running without you. What's missing you think? I have an idea. Honestly, it's, I'm reaching the business is getting very big right now. I feel like I don't have the right people around me to advise me on what to do. I feel like I'm reaching a revenue size which I never reached before. And so I feel a little bit lost in what I should do. I'm still showing up every day and I still do the work. Like I still get my hands dirty and I don't know if this is sustainable and maybe it is. Maybe I still need to do this work and just doing the work at 10 million revenue per year. It's just the same as doing it at one million per year. Maybe it is. I don't know yet. But that's what I'm doing right now. If I need to change something in my workflow, when I don't know what. And so I'm not doing it right now. Are you ready to get as I say, I use as getting executive for your company like a CFO CEO, CTO. I have no idea. Honestly, I, I, it's, it's a very good question. So it's funny because when we got acquired by Lampire, the team behind LEMIST, I, I saw that happening as a Lampire, like Guilm, the founder and CEO, hire someone who then become the new CEO. And so I saw this transition and it happened in a very, very nice way. So I don't know if at one point I should go through that. Or if well, the, the street we have right now, like being one guy, I'm the distribution guy and I'm working with five different co maker who are the technical guys. It's very unique. I think it's very, very unique. And so I, I don't know. I think it would be very hard for me to find someone who would be able to be patient. So no idea. So now because I, I'm asking you that because I met someone in, in Shanghai and is, is basically in a video test here, but he's also building a lot of B2C up. He said that the thing that changed everything for him and able them to step back was to hire a CEO and a CFO. And he said like the day he had that, like someone who took care of the team and someone who took care of the finances, he was able to actually step back and see his business growing while not being here every day. And when he told me that, like he has like 140 person working for him right now. And when he, when he told me that, and when I saw his lifestyle, he's not lying. He's really not lying. He has a lot of time on his side now and he used to be 100% in the work every day doing the task, doing here every day in the office. He said, honestly, if one day you arrive at that point that you make enough money to hire a really good CFO, really good CEO and why not a CEO do it because you will be able to take a really day and work above your business seeing everything happening and you could help it even more. So yeah, that's why I'm asking you that because I think you are at that point where you will be able to do that. Well, maybe maybe I need to talk with this guy. Yeah. As I said, I think I feel a little bit lost with this topic. I have no idea if this needs to happen now or if I need to grow a game times more. Every day I keep receiving DMs from people who have very nice products and want to partner with me to those products. And I have to decline most of them because I have five projects right now. They are growing, they are taking more and more time from me. And so I cannot see a way to do more right now. So I need to find a way to change the model, to be able to take more projects and help them in another way or think the model differently. That's a penny work. What is your goal? I think growth is something that motivates me. I don't have a very specific revenue number in mind. I just see that the business is growing right now and I just want to continue the business growth. That's it. So I think my goal is just to build a sustainable and growing business. That's it. That's enough. A question I wanted to ask you is what is the month block that you actually broke in the past few years that help you get where you are now? Like really a month block, like something inside you? So I think I understand why you would ask this question. But I don't think I was feeling blocked by anything under the country. I think what's worked for me is that maybe this is the understanding that I unblocked, which is when you have an idea, you can just build it. I'm not a web developer by training. I got into web development, by relating my life, actually pretty much with Twitter. But I realized at that time is that when you have an idea, you can like today, especially with AI, when you have an idea, you can just build it very fast. It got very, very easy to build things. And that's what I would share with I will have. I think it's 10 times more efficient when you have an idea to quickly build it in two days and put it in the hands of people who are relevant to use this idea and give you feedback. That way, instead of showing it to your mom or dad, you will learn 10 times more knowledge and time by showing your idea instead of just showing a piece of paper with your idea. That's the perfect way to end this podcast. Thank you, Tibo. It was really nice to have this huge conversation with you. Again, we didn't press about what you built. I wish you the best for what's happening. I think you're in a good direction, so let's see where you go. I think you're very much for your. It was amazing to continue today. Thank you.
