Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "channel_name": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "video_id": "7VnSopgJhqI",
  "title": "The Sales Navigator System That Built $30M in B2B Pipeline",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VnSopgJhqI",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 361,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
If your team treats Sales Navigator as
just another line item in the tech
stack, you're sitting on millions in
pipeline, you're never going to find.
So, after coaching 50,000 B2B sellers on
this tool, I can tell you that the most
teams use less than 10% of what it can
actually do. So, today I'm fixing that.
My sales now is open. My save searches
are loaded. And I'm walking through
every single play that's helped my
clients attribute $30 million plus in
pipeline directly to this tool. So, as
we go throughout this, if there's sales
navigator questions that I'm not
answering in this video, feel free to
put them in the comments. I can create
more videos around this because, as you
can tell, I'm very passionate about this
topic. But, a little bit about me. My
name is Morgan Ingram. I've been in
outbound for the past decade. Uh, I have
grown my LinkedIn following to around
200,000 followers. And also as well with
these techniques I share, I do them
myself and I own a business, a sales
consultancy that focuses on how do you
optimize outbound primarily with
SalesNav to get the most out of it. So
why are we talking about Sales Navigator
today? It is one of my favorite tools to
use. I have a whole separate breakdown
of the ins and outs of how to do it. If
you want to check out this video, you
can go deeper. But today, we're going to
zero in on the three filters that have
helped my clients generate over a
million dollars in pipeline. So, you as
a sales leader can also do that as well.
And these numbers continue to grow,
y'all. So, we going to keep it moving.
So, these are the three things we're
going to talk about, right? Number one
is we're going to talk about less than
one year at the company. We're going to
talk about that filter. The second
filter that we're going to be talking
about is connections of and the third
filter that we're going to talk about is
posted on LinkedIn in the last 30 days
and then giving you all some ideas of
exactly how to take action on. Most
importantly, at the end of the day, the
main focus here is that LinkedIn has
over 1 billion users. So, that's a lot
of people. But because it's a lot of
people, we need to make sure that we're
actually getting in front of the right
people in the right way. So, that's what
we're going to solve in this video is
how do you break through the noise and
get in front of these people instead of
being like, "Yo, I have no idea what
we're going to do." So, again, let's
dive into these three filters and let's
show you exactly how I do this and how
you yourself can start taking action.
So, with that being said, I'll go ahead
and share my screen and we'll dive into
some uh sales nav for you all. And we're
going to start here. And as you see, uh,
there's obviously multiple different
things that we can dive into, but the
first one I want to touch on is less
than one year at the company. So, you
may be asking, Morgan, why would you
focus on that? So, the first thing that
we want to do is look at this less than
one year at the company because we want
to find people that have come into the
organization that are new. So, let's
talk about the psychological reasoning
on why this filter is important. So the
reason why this filter is so important
is because if someone is coming into the
organization that means that they're
looking to create impact right they're
looking to create impact and as they
settle in and create impact we want to
reach out to them right time as they
build their stack and they're looking to
make their mark right so what should we
look for so that's what we're going to
dive into here so as you see if we
scroll down here I'm going to click less
than one year and a lot of people are
going to come
I go after sales leaders, VPs of sales.
So to make this super simple, I'm going
to put VP of sales. And this will narrow
down even more. So about 2500. Now, if I
want to pick an account, it'll go down
even more. So let's just say I'm looking
at let's look at Amazon. Let's see what
Amazon gives us. May give us nothing,
but we're going to see. Okay, great.
This is actually a good call out. So,
Amazon's a massive company, but you'll
see here with Tony, right? What I'm
looking to do is since he's a regional
VP of sales, he's been at this company
for 10 months. So, what does that mean?
If the if you've been at the company for
10 months, you've been there for at
least a couple quarters to make impact.
So, you haven't been there for a year
yet, but enough time for me to reach out
to you. So, we want to look between the
four to 10 month mark. Let's find
another example to show you what I'm
talking about. So, we obviously have
Amazon. Let's go to
Salesforce. We'll pick another big one.
Not Salesforce Ventures. Not trying to
trip me up. Hold up. Salesforce. The
regular one. So, okay. I didn't find
what I was looking for there. Let's just
check out some other ones. We just pop
them up just to show. Okay. This is
actually perfect. So, Joe been at the
company for 4 months. This is the sweet
spot, y'all, because this is where
people are going to want to start making
moves and trying to find impact. At 4
months, you have had 90 days, which most
execs take 90 days in fresh leadership
to survey people internally and ask
questions. So, now that that is over,
this is a great time to reach out to
Joe. Now what you reach him reach out to
him with that's the question I know all
of you have but what we want to do there
when we reach out is we want to focus on
what would happen once someone has been
at this company for four months as a VP
of sales enterprise what typically
happens so I know what typically happens
is you now have an understanding of the
territory or the counts you're trying to
go after you understand the industries
you're trying to go after so I'm
probably going to make an assumption and
guess is that now that He's at 4 months.
He's probably going to be looking for
ways to multi-thread and expand into
those enterprise accounts. So, I could
probably offer up an email or a video
like that. So, sure, we can share a
template here on the screen, but I don't
want you just to look at the template
and just give it to your teams. It's
what is the connecting the dots? What's
the business acumen that we need to
build to convert opportunities? That's
more important than a template I'll ever
give you because the connecting the dots
will stay with you forever. Templates
can always change based on the market,
right? So, that's number one. That's my
favorite one right there. You're going
to go down to less than one year company
and you're going to drill in and make
sure that you focus on those months.
Now, the second one is connections of.
So, I'm going to use someone I just
talked to, Shout to Bobby, you know,
we'll use him as an example. If you are
leading a sales team today, even if
you're watching this and you're a
founder as well, but more importantly
for my B2B sales teams here, you should
have every single account executive and
SDR connect with every single exec on
your team, all as many customers as you
can, partners as well. So those are the
three tiers and you should be asking for
referrals to build pipeline. This is how
a lot of clients I work with, they've
built really good relationships, yet
they're not leveraging those
relationships to build even more
relationships. And so what I've done
here is Bobby, we recently worked with
this team. So I asked, hey, did you like
the service enough? Did you get enough
results from the service to do a
referral? And most people, if you ask
for referral, according to the data,
about 90% of people say yes. So it's
like yes. So now what is my next step?
So for everybody watching in this is how
you can build pipeline when you've
started to build your network from the
other stuff I've done that was more
cold. This is more we've built the
network and let's leverage the
executives. But we're going to talk
about the customer first. So I look at
the customer again. I'm looking up VPs
of sales and then what I do is I try to
see he used to work at these companies.
He used to work at dude. He used to work
at channel adviser. So, what I'm doing
is I find what companies did someone
used to work at and then I try to then
find are they at a new company because I
know they they know each other because
they used to work at the same company.
It's a higher chance of referral. So,
for example, here Josh looks like he's
been at this company four years. That's
fine. But it looks like he worked at
Dude, which is where Bobby works. So now
that's a greater that's I have a greater
chance of getting the referral set and
the and the meeting set because I can
ask from this. That's going to be the
the biggest key here, right? Is you want
to tap into this. So this is how you set
this up. And if you were to go do
something different, I'll just use John
Barrows because we used to work
together. So I'll use him as example. If
I was looking for like let's say I was
on his team again and I was looking for
a reference or a referral then I would
go find all the executives that you have
internally your VP of sales your CMO
whatever it is and then what you're
going to do is ask for referrals into
those executives across the board right
it's going to make your life a lot
easier so again we have connections of
we have this here we have the job title
and then now we can go find people in
different accounts I would encourage you
just to tap into the target accounts you
have and see if there's a match. So, if
I clicked IBM, they're big enough. Cool.
So, he knows Victoria VP of sales, I
could see if there's a connection there.
You don't have to look at past
companies. You still can do this, but if
they're an exec, their networks are
pretty tight, so there's a high
likelihood they might know them at the
end of the day, just like with anyone.
But these are your internal execs. So, I
would say three to four names at once.
Don't overwhelm them. That's the way to
go about it. So, that's that filter
there. And then the last one is the most
key, right? Which is how do we make sure
that people that we engage with and that
we go and talk try to talk to or send
connection requests, they respond. So
before we get to point number three, a
bonus for you all is if you're enjoying
this content, check out in the
description. There is a free, as I said
it, a free sales nav kit that you can go
check out where you can download it. you
can see all the things that we're
talking about and you can execute this
yourself. Back to the video though. So
point number three is posted on LinkedIn
in the last 30 days. And so the reason
that we want to click this is because
these people are actually active on the
platform. It means that if you send them
a message, if there's a high likelihood
they'll respond. It means that if you
send them a connection request, high
likelihood accept it. So that's what we
want to focus on posted on LinkedIn in
the last 30 days. This is where you're
going to see an uptick in your response
rates. You know, we've seen people go
from a 3% response rate to a 9% solely
because they clicked on this filter and
found the people that were actually
active on this platform. So, for
example, if I'm looking to again go
after the VP of sales, because that's
who we're going after, then you'll see
right here, I have multiple different
opportunities to reach out to these
people. So, about 7,000 people that are
VP of sales that have posted in the last
30 days. And if I went and drilled into
certain companies, I probably could find
certain uh certain examples to go after.
So again, Salesforce, great example. Uh
they have a lot of people, but if I
click all the VPs, only 11 VPs, as you
see here, have posted something in the
last 30 days. So these are probably
people that are active on the platform.
If I reach out to them, they are more
likely to have a conversation with me.
Right? So that's what you all want to
think about here when it comes to sales
navigator. How do I find the lowhanging
fruit and think about things differently
to get in front of the right people to
ultimately get what you need at the end
of the day? I personally have worked
very hard in outbound and done all the
things that you could think of. But I
what I really what I really found the
difference and the shift was was stopped
treating Sales Navigator like a like a
lead list and started treating it like a
lowhanging fruit research engine. And
that surfaced more engagement for me.
That surfaced more people wanting to
talk to me and it led to overall higher
responses in what I did. So coming back
to the to the end of this video, three
things we talked about. Number one is
find the less than one year in the
company. 4 to 10 month window is your
sweet spot. Number two is connections of
tap into the executives, tap into your
customers, ask for referrals to build
that pipeline. And then third is make
sure that you're tapping into that
posted in LinkedIn in the last 30 days
to find the right people that are active
and overall engaged that want to have
the conversations with you. You have
those three set up and you're going to
be in a really good spot. So, as we wrap
this video, feel free to if you want to
have a diagnostic diagnostic call with
me on on how exactly to set this up for
your team. If you're like, "Morgan,
there's a lot of information." That's
exactly what we do. We diagnose your
outbound text stack and what you're
doing in your outbound motion. We
implement a sales navigator messaging
and all the things so you can convert
more opportunities and meetings just as
these other clients have and contribute
to millions in their pipeline across the
board. And so hopefully y'all enjoyed
this video to go take action and we'll
see you all in the next one. Happy
prospecting, buddy.
Hey, hey, hey.
