Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "channel_name": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "video_id": "l5rC2EDw1pU",
  "title": "How to Use Sales Navigator Like a Pro to Book an Extra Meeting",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5rC2EDw1pU",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1201,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
What's going on everybody? Welcome back
to another Muffins with Morgan. This is
our 10th episode of the season that we
have and this is our last episode of our
season and then we're going into break.
I'm going into break. Uh there's some I
guess in the next couple weeks I'm
actually at home but going to go for
some travel doing some stuff and taking
some time to come back with even better
content. But again, taking the time to
chill out. But welcome everybody to the
show. As you're coming in if you have
not been in here before, let us know
where are you tuning in from. Would love
to hear where everyone's at in the world
and what's going on. We'll give it a
minute as people trickle in. Um but
yeah, y'all, I got a I got a pretty good
muffin today. It's a blueberry
lemon muffin.
Blueberry lemon muffin. So, I'm actually
very excited about this. Uh, but yeah,
we'll let people trickle in. Let us know
where they're tuning in from um here on
this Friday. Hope you all are having a
really blessed Friday and really
enjoying it.
I am so far. I got my pickle ball lesson
in the morning, so I was I'm I'm
absolutely buzzing about it. So,
[laughter] I cannot complain. Uh I'm
doing great. But we're gonna dig in. So,
as we got people coming in again, let us
know where you're tuning in from. What
are we talking about today? So today we
are talking about sales navigator. Uh
this has been a topic that people have
been asking for. So we're going to take
the time to just go through some things
that I've seen to be very very helpful
for the people that I work with across
the board. And this also will help you
all out as well. So you know what I'm
going to do is real quick I want to make
sure that we're speaking to everybody in
the room. Uh I just launched up a poll.
What's your role? Uh where you're at
today. Obviously, we want to speak
directly to you uh across the board as
you're in this room. So, if y'all can
fill that out, that'd be great. But
yeah, we're really just going to drill
into how can you think about Sales
Navigator, how can you go about it, how
can you make sure you can take action on
those things. Uh there is a lot that
I've learned along the way around what
is Sales Navigator and obviously what it
is not, right, at the end of the day.
So, that's what we're really going to
drill into. That's what we're going to
talk about today. So again, appreciate
everybody tuning in and hopping on. So
with that being said, let's dive into
what we're going to be talking about.
I'll share my screen real quick.
How to use Sales Navigator to book an
extra meeting. That's what we're talk
about. So it's just me today holding it
down. Uh if you've not interacted with
my content before, if you don't know who
I am, my name is Morgan Ingram. I've
been in the top offunnel outbound game
for the past decade. I started off as an
SDR. I've been an SDR manager. I've been
a full sales cycle rep. So, I've seen
all different paths and access points in
how to book meetings and generate
quality pipeline. And throughout that
journey, I was able to work with John
Barrows. I was on his team for about
three and a half years. And then I took
all the things that I learned from him
to start my own business called AMP
Social. And our focus at AMPocial is to
make sellers magnetic, intuitive, and
consistent in what they do so that
they're able to be more human in the way
they approach their outbound, which is
what you learn if you come to Muffins
Morgan. That's our goal. And across the
clients we've worked with, we've been
able to generate over around $30 million
in pipeline and still counting as we
work with clients. So what we're going
to talk about today in these next 40
minutes is what is the component of
sales navigator that we walk clients
through so that you can see a component
of how we go about this. So as we go
through this if you have questions
obviously free feel free to drop those
in the chat. We got a very healthy room
of BDRs AES and managers and directors
in the room and founders. So this is a
really healthy mix we have across the
board. I'm gonna go through these
filters and then I'm obviously going to
flip it back to y'all to see, hey, like
is this helpful? You know, where you're
at and things of that nature. So, with
that being said, let's drill into Sales
Navigator. Now, I'm going to flip it to
y'all real quick and I got a question,
which is when it comes to Sales
Navigator,
how would you
rate yourself on a scale to one to five?
One being you're a novice and you don't
really know that much about it and five
being you're absolutely elite like
you're the greatest sales navigator
person that is that has walked the
earth. So one is I'm not good at it at
all. I literally just got the tool
yesterday.
And then five is I'm phenomenal and I'm
elite. So we got 2.5 got 2.5s threes. We
got 2.75s. We got twos twos. Okay. So,
you know, within this, as we go about
this today, I'm going to show three main
filters that I believe that will help
you be successful. And then I'll show
some bonus things that clients have been
leveraging to get a lot of good results
across the board, right? So, and again,
if you have anything that you have
questions on, drop it in the chat,
right, and let us know. So, the first
thing I want to talk about is this one
[clears throat] has been a I'd say a fan
favorite, and I'll explain why here in a
minute. So for those of you in this room
that are probably targeting
enterprise or maybe strategic accounts,
this is a really good angle to take. So
you go to the lead filters, you have the
company, you have buyer intent, you have
best path in recent updates, roll.
You're going to go to roll and you're
going to go down to
years in current position
and you're going to click less than one
year. Now, why is that beneficial? So,
let's say that I was going after
we'll use we'll use Amazon because
they're pretty big. So, Amazon
and I was like, hey, I want to go after
people, you know, like we sell a
coaching program, so I want to go after
sales leaders and I want to narrow this
down to this.
So, you'll see right here, it's pretty
based on what I just did, right?
Amazon's a massive company. They have
over 56,000 employees. And what I'm
looking for is how can I find people who
have been in their role less than one
year, but I'm finding people who maybe
been at the company for longer. So
here's a really good example. If we
drill into Jess, she's been at this
company for four years, right? So that
means that she probably has really good
relationships. She probably knows
people.
However, we want to lean on the
psychology of people. And so, you look
right here, nine months into the role.
Now, what we can do
is based on it being nine months in the
role,
they there probably is a layer or a
level of
psychological excitement,
right,
to actually do something different.
So, that's like what's happening there.
So, when you're looking at these
accounts for everybody here, depending
on what you're doing, you want to drill
into, all right, I got all this stuff
going on, all these people I can go
after in a massive Amazon account, but
what I'm looking to do is effectively
find people that are in this sweet spot
of like 6 months, uh, what do you got? 6
months, you got nine months, you got
three months here. This is a good one
out of seven years. Now again, these
jobs and titles might not be the right
people, but I'm just showing you the
premise point. So this is how you can
find people that are effectively
lowhanging fruit to go out and prospect
and engage with. I I will tell you this
is heavily underrated and this is a
great way to stand out and
[clears throat] reach out to those
people. So again, if you're not already
tapping into this, like this is
something 100% I would tap into because
ultimately this is how you're going to
be able to
this is how you're going to be able to
stand out, right? You really want to
focus on
can we look at years and less than one
can we look at years in current position
less than one year. Can we look at the
seniority level? Can we look at the
functions and then now we're able to tap
in. So again we do it for Amazon. If we
pick another big one like a Salesforce,
if I could type. Oh, there we go.
Salesforce.
Boom. So, I can then tap in, see what's
going on. All right, cool. This is a
good example. Evan,
three months enroll, six years at the
company, right? I can tap in, reach out
if that makes sense. So, this is
something. This is something I want
y'all to think about is yeah, we got to
go after these massive accounts and
things that nature, but there's
lowhanging fruit
in these accounts that we can go after
and get in front of them, right? And
see, okay, is there an opportunity to
get a layer or a level of a meeting,
right? So, that's like an example of how
you could go about it, right? So, that's
like filter number one that we're going
to dive into, right? So, just keep that
in mind as we go through this. Like,
there's different ones. I think that
one's a massive one that people sleep
on. Uh, here's another one.
Referrals. How many of you all ask for
referrals? Like, yes or no in the chat?
Like, how many of you are asking for
referrals on a consistent basis? Not
like you do it once a day, but like on a
consistent basis, you are asking for
referrals.
And then we're going to go into yes.
Okay. Some people we got the yes trains
maybe not. This is a this is another
angle that I think a lot of people are
not taking advantage of.
And so we're going to talk about it.
So
when we think about
how we go about
messaging people and things of that
nature,
if you're working
in a company,
these are three paths you can take to
get referrals. So number one is your
execs can help you get referrals, your
customers can help you get referrals,
and your partners can help you get
referrals. Right? So, exe external
execs,
customers, and partners. So, as you see
right here with connections of I'm just
going to use an example of how you can
do this. So, let's say right now again,
you're an STR AE or you're a sales
leader on on this call today and you're
like, okay, we're doing cold outbound,
but we're it's not hitting like we're
not getting the results that we're
looking for. Well, okay. Here's an angle
that you can take to get in front of
those people. So, what I would do here
is we'll use
we use Bobby as an example. So, let's
say Bobby is your exec. So, your VP of
sales, your CMO, your VP of marketing,
whatever it is.
take this example, this connections of
and let's go find people to get
referrals for. So you could you can do
this actually two ways. So one is when
you ask for referral, most of the time
y'all know this is like you ask for
someone referral and like
they don't do anything. [clears throat]
They're like, "Yeah, I don't know these
people. It's it's overwhelming, right?"
And then they don't know where to go.
And so based on that, right, what you
could do is this. So I have this
connections of again, you have to be
connected to the person in order to do
this. So you're here and we're going to
look up where Bobby used to work. So I'm
just going to pull up another window
real quick and I'll show you why you
want to think about it this way. So
we'll go to Bobby. Cool. All right. So
you got he worked at Bandwidth. He
worked at Pendo. He worked at Dude
Solutions. So what I'm going to do is
bandwidth.
Dude Solutions
and Pendo. So this is like a surefire
way to get in front of someone you're
looking for. I just put in all the past
companies that
he used to work at, which means that
these people also used to maybe work
with him. So there's a tighter
connection to ask for the referral. So
again, you can do this with customers
you're connected with, partners you're
connected with, and internal executives
you're connected with. So you kind of
see how this all pans out. So now that I
have these things in play,
I then can narrow down by sales and make
this easy. And I might be like, all
right, let me do it by
let me draw this down. So okay, I got
35. So these people,
right, used to work at the company that
Bobb's at. So there's a high likelihood
when I ask for, "Hey, do you know this
person?" It's going to be again very
likely that they're going to be willing
to be like, "Yeah, sure. I'm I'm willing
to intro you." So again, I'm looking
through these individuals. I'm looking
through these people to see who I could
ask for a level of a referral based on
the connection. This is something that
people miss out a ton. So, if you're not
t if you're not tapping into this, you
should definitely be tapping into this
because this is a this is like the best
way to address lowhanging fruit, right?
Because if I have somebody that I'm
connected with and I can see that they
are connected people that previously
used to work somewhere and I can reach
out to them, I'm going to have a way
better time, right, to get meetings and
conversations going above anything else,
right? So, this is just something to
take advantage of if you're not. I've
had a lot of people be like, you know
what, at the end of the day, if they
really focus and they really lock in on
doing this exercise, they end up
building more overall pipeline in the
long term. This is just this is just
what I've seen. So again, you all can in
here could also let me know what you've
seen on your side, but this is a this is
a massive way to break through accounts.
I cannot stress this enough because a
lot of people don't do this. Go connect
with all your executives. Again, STE
doesn't really matter. Connect with
every single executive you have. Build
that connection with them
and you progress from there.
So that's what you want to think about
which is
we have these executives,
we have different customers.
Are we consistently asking for the
referrals and do we have a system to do
so? This system you can build
yourself because if we dive into this
even deeper, you'll see I could actually
save the search, right?
So you'll see here and I could be like
uh
referrals from Bobby and now it's saved.
And so I can always go back here, right?
I can always tap into this.
So again,
we had two people say yes, assuming
other people may you're maybe not using
referrals. This is the way to do it. Tap
into your executives, connect with all
them if you can,
tap into customers,
and do this consistently. We had
someone that I recently worked with,
they booked
five meetings just off of this alone
within 14 days, right? like this is the
move that they took and they were able
to take advantage of this and actually
reach out to the right people overall.
So this is just something that you could
pay attention to. You could take access
on. I again I'm saying this a lot
because it it does move the needle and
it is very helpful for people. So take
advantage of this if you're not and the
messaging around this
uh
Brian, your question is, do you see it
more advantageous to use your company's
exact to ask for referral or an existing
customer's connections for referral? Uh,
both it all depends on the relationship
at the end of the day. I don't think
it's a one is better than the other. Um,
I probably would say that the customer
is probably the best because it's coming
from the customer voice. So, if you can
do that, that's probably the best.
Normally in that scenario, you're going
to want to ask
customer success if that's okay. Uh at
the end of the day, like I think most
AES or sales leaders will be like, "Hey,
this is what we're looking to do." And
normally they're cool with that as long
as you position it the right way. But
yeah, I would go number one, my main
focus would be customers, but I know
that can be hit or miss depending on the
org. Then we're looking at the exacts
and then we're looking at partners
because partners can be hit or miss
depending on your business and what
you're looking to do and some people
don't have partnerships so it kind of
doesn't pan out.
So yeah, I would literally create a list
of those people and go from there. Which
kind of leads to my next point. I've
said this a lot and I and I will keep
saying it because a lot of people don't
really tap into this. Uh I'm using core
right now. So, I'm on like the I'm on
the core license. So, [snorts] the main
thing here is
going back to Brian's point and
something again I'm seeing as a way to
create a pipeline flywheel of meetings
that consistently will come your way is
creating a list of
clients that you've worked with.
And so for everybody here, this is the
best way to break this down. So if
you're an account executive on the call,
which we have some people are AES, if
you have not done this already,
I would
tell you to
build a list of every single person that
you've worked with
directly.
So any director, manager, VP, it doesn't
really matter.
I would tap into that. And the reason
for that is I'll show it in a minute,
but that's like the step you want to
take. Then for my SDRs on the call, or
if you lead an STR team or a team, it
doesn't really matter. I would create a
list of every single meeting that you've
ever booked in your entire career.
Because this not only helps you right
now, because if they move companies, you
could book a meeting. This also helps
you in the future as you grow and
advance
your career,
right? So, that's what we really want to
focus on here and why I'm encouraging
you to build this list.
We got clients that you've worked with
and we have
clients.
You can even add clients that you've
lost deals with as well because think
about it. If you've lost a deal with a
client, and this is something that I'm
going to go build now, I'm going to use
Claude to help me build this, but think
of every single client that you've lost
or every single potential client you
could had. So, all the deals you lost as
an AE or sales leaders, think of all the
deals that you your team loses within
the month. What if you had everybody
build a list of every single person that
they lost a deal with and now you can
see if they move to a new company?
Sometimes people don't don't want to do
the offer because the company they're
currently at. It's it's not, you know,
it's not a good place for them to bring
you in.
So these are these are the reasons for
these lists that I'm going through this
because this is very this is lowhanging
fruit that most people don't do. So
again, SDRs, you're creating a list of
every single meeting that you've booked.
You could also create a meeting a list
of every single meeting that's ghosted
you. For AES, create a create a list of
every single deal that's been closed.
and you're going to create a list of
every single
person that you lost a deal with. And so
here's why. So if we click into this
list, there's three core benefits of
this. Number one is I have everybody in
one place, right? I have everybody in
one place. I can tap in, boom, see
what's going on, right? I can see
everything that's happening, right? So
that's like number one. Number two is if
someone has changed jobs, I can see it.
So I already have been locked in with
this because what's going on here? Yeah,
I reached out to Tony the other day.
This is an opportunity that I'm about to
have here. We had a conversation. I
actually just saw this one. So, I'm
probably going to reach out. I'm
probably going to reach out on this one,
right? I'm going to probably reach out
here, too. So, there there's a lot of
movement that's happening and I can
click in and see, okay, what exactly is
going on, right? And have these
conversations
with these people, right? I'm just
staying locked in because this is the
digital rolodex, right? And the third
thing is if you want to stay top of mind
with people, it also shows you that
these people have posted in the last 30
days. So if what that does is you could
actually click in here [snorts] and it
will show you what they actually have
posted and you can tap in if if if that
makes sense. Right? So this is the
benefit of creating this list. And as
you see, I'm always right trying to make
sure that I'm tapping in across the
board and making sure that it's, you
know, doing doing what I need to do. So,
that's an example there. Uh, is anyone
else having an echo voice? Muhammad said
there is one. So, if that's the case, I
can fix it. But if it's not, then we can
figure that out. But that's the play
there. Let's go into like some other
questions in here. So, how do you export
the list for offline use email
marketing? I think you said you don't do
cold email marketing. Um, no, not per
se, not as much. But what I do, what I
would recommend is [sighs and gasps]
uh I mean it's tough, right? There's a
lot of
there's a lot of APIs within LinkedIn,
so you can't do as much exporting unless
you have like a certain license. It's
like if you had like an advanced one or
super advance or whatever it's called,
then you would be able technically to
export things out and then go from
there. So that would be your main angle
I guess you would take in this scenario.
So I don't really have a good answer on
like how to export the list for offline
use
per se. Uh, the only thing that I'd
recommend you to do is you can export
your connections
and you could enrich that list to find
emails.
But for people that are like second
degree,
there really isn't a great workaround
for that unless someone in the chat has
something. I haven't seen anything that
can do that to that level. So, that'd be
my case. Um,
yeah. Yeah. I would say I I don't think
that's even possible. like your only
your only you literally your only
workaround is you have to pull first
degree connections which you can do.
Okay. Curious about curious how folks
are using claude in tain with sales
navigator. Um
I mean again not much you can do with
the with the APIs. There's no connector.
So you're you're pretty you're pretty
overall limited. Uh, I really just using
sales nav to find these filters and then
I'll use Claude to be like,
can you create messaging off these
filters? Like that's probably the
closest example I have cuz I can't I
can't connect it, right? So there's not
much I can really do at the end of the
day. The only thing I can do really is
base it off of can I create messaging
off the filters that I have, right? like
that's probably the that's probably the
extent of where I would probably take in
tandem with it. Um, but I'm using Yeah,
I'm I'm using
Granola.
Uh,
I'm using Granola
Google Drive.
I'm actually look right now. I'll tell
you. It's Granola,
Google Drive,
Gmail.
I have a I have an app called Skill
Refinery, Slack, ASA. So, those are my
main ones that I use for cloud, but hard
to do it in tandem with sales nav
because
you really can't pull anything. So,
you're just you're just kind of like
there. But I use it more so for if I
have these filters, then how would I
create ongoing messaging from there? So
like I'll I'll just show y'all an
example. This is not something I
finished, but this is like again I'm
just showing you how to think about it.
I'm not saying this is completed copy,
so don't be like Morgan, I don't like
this email. Like no, that's not the
point. I'm just showing you like an
example. So what I'm doing is every
single filter has a purpose. So for
example, if we go here and look at less
than one year and we look at someone who
let's go back to Salesforce, right? And
we look at 4 months and 3 years in the
company. So I'm having Claude be like,
what would that look like if they were
at this mark? Now again, this needs to
be adjusted, but the goal is is that I'm
creating an email like this. But the
reason I create an email like this is
this email has already been successful
based on another practice that I did
with another client here for an example.
So this kind of brings it together
actually. So how do you use claude? Like
the best way I think use cla is to find
things that work and then leverage the
things that work inside of cloud and
then claude will be able to replicate
that to reach out to more people. So
this is this is what I coach people on.
It's like it's not about going into AI
and telling it to create something new
because it will give you something
pretty bad. You want it to base it off
of something that already potentially
and can be successful and then you go
from there. Right? So this email is
every single person that has used the
product of this company and this example
is churn zero. every comp every single
person who has been at a comp who's been
at the who's been at a previous company
that is a current customer, a former
champion and has moved to a new company.
So this rep created this template of an
email and this booked like a large
percentage of his meetings, right? And
so based on that, all I did was copy
this example and then I put it inside of
Claude and I was like, "Hey Claude, like
this already works, right?" I basically
took this email, it broke down the exact
reasons on why this email is successful
and I said, "What's the reusable
structure?" We found the new things it
can use it for. And then now here it's
creating new templates. So you have
template number one and then it's
created this template. Template number
two, it's created this template. And
then template number Oh yeah, I told it
to ask different questions. So now it
created a different one. So this is like
the new one. So if they're hiring a new
SDR, I add in the STRs that's there. I
I'm basically saying that means that
you're building this. I'm not assuming.
Here's what's being said. Here's the
ramp time.
So I'm just I'm playing
a different game based on this.
So this is this is the this is like the
way I'm thinking about it.
Exactly what you're saying. Like I'm
taking all the insights that I would
find in sales nav and I'm creating
campaign based messaging on this and
being like can I do relevancy based
messaging at scale which is what
everyone's trying to find. My belief is
that there isn't like personalization at
scale
cuz that's an oxymoron to a degree but
you can be relevant at scale and I
believe we're in a we're in a world more
of relevance because nobody like
believes in anything anymore. So, like
what I'm doing is I'm just saying, hey,
how do I
how do I take every single thing that I
know to be true inside of sales nav and
then correlate that to actual legitimate
messaging that I can use it for?
And this is what I did as an SDR.
This is what I even do today. I find
that the emails where it's just like I
know this is a problem on a consistent
basis. I have a higher chance of winning
than
trying to I don't know
Mosart. It's probably Picasso and email.
[laughter]
I'd rather do that. So that's what uh I
would say here across the board. Uh,
Jesse, a couple things. I use
Apollo, but then I also use
Claude
because I can validate emails
based on the public emails that are out
there for other people at the company
and then it can do a cross reference and
match and then create a potential email.
So basically every single email at the
end of the day, right, h has a certain
framework about it. It's either first
name, last name, uh first letter, last
name, whatever it is. So I can claude
can go find emails that are similar to
that and then give you a guess if you
cannot find it in your data source. So
that that's how I do it. I just make it
make it pretty pretty straightforward. I
try not to try to make complicated. Um,
so yeah, that's what again as y'all see
what you're what I'm doing here is I'm
finding for each insight and data and
data, oh my gosh, uh, data and ada, I
can't say data, data and insights from
LinkedIn sales, I'm creating that and
then I'm creating a template off of
this. So now I can have better messaging
in what I do. So every single person
here, if you were to ask yourself, what
are the main three to five things that
like if I were to email someone or I
know these are trigger points, they're
relevant, you need to create an email
for it.
This will make your life easier. So
because if we go here, right,
I know if someone is hiring SDRs,
it's going to hit. I know if they
brought in a new enabled person or
leader, it's going to hit. I know if
they're hiring a lot of AES and they
have the sales source prospect, I know
it's going to hit. I I know these things
are going to hit because that's what
people bring me in for. So, you need to
have at least three to five of these,
but have Claude just like create it for
you. And that's what I did here. I don't
know. I haven't tested this out at the
scale of scales, but what I do know is
that like if I do this, boom, we're good
to go.
So this is just the way to think about
it and why sales navigator is so
critical and so important.
And
my last filter I'll share here as well
because cuz we talked about a lot of
different things is
I think this one is
underrated to a degree but I think it's
something you need to tap into. Posted
on LinkedIn last 30 days. Now for
everybody here, the thing that everybody
needs to you definitely want to focus on
more of um is okay question. How do you
find the intent on looking for execs who
are hiring ages? Uh yeah, basically
there's two components here. You can
literally just go into change jobs and
let's just pick a company. I think they
are I looked at this the other day and
then I'll go here.
Yeah. Okay, cool. So uh wait that's not
right but yeah okay out this actually a
good example. So outbound SDR SDR
manager outbound account executive
outbound. Okay. So what does this mean?
That means that they're my assumption is
I'll tell you right now if I talk this
company they probably have 70% inbound
coming in right now across their entire
organization. But now what's happening
is board and everyone else is like they
need to go up market. They need to do
more prospecting. And then also as well
that means that they are now being
tasked to a number. If they're hiring an
SER manager it means they're going to
scale up their team. If they're hiring
outbound account executives, that means
that they're either full sales cycle or
they need to own 20% of the number. I
know this stuff already and you can
cross reference this. So, if I were to
go inside of Job Nimbus
and have this do its thing,
I can look
and see.
I can check here. I can see everyone who
started positions here. So, I could do
that. I could also look at account
growth. Okay, nothing's there. But
really, at the end of the day, if you
really just want to do a further look,
I'll just like just go look at the site.
I mean, it'll pull up the site. I'll
scroll down,
go to careers, and they probably have
openings for sales roles. Yep. SDR
as well. They're hiring more SDRs, which
means they're trying to build pipelines.
So, that's how I do it. I know if you're
hiring these people, I know what's
basically going on because the goal is
like to connect the dots. And so with
sales nav is like I can just connect the
dots pretty quickly because I've gone
through these cycles. Like I know what
people are looking for. I know what
they're trying to do. I know what
they're trying to take advantage of. So
to answer your question, that's how you
find intent is knowing that I know these
execs are hiring these people because
they have more pipeline to hit and these
people are going to have to ramp
appropriately. And you could do that
with every account too. It's going to
tell you. And
my last point is this also can tell you.
So this is 0% so it's not that high but
some people I know I think they have a
high one.
If you go to Vanta
um
Yeah. Okay. But in the last 6 months,
they've their job openings were 76% up
for
sales. But what's happening, I'll tell
you right now, without even having to
talk to anybody, they've decreased job
openings by 10% in the sales company.
Okay, that means that they probably
overhired a little bit and they need to
scale it back, which means that they
need to update product. They hired,
they're looking for 50% increase in
engineering in the past 3 months, and
they're also looking 257% increase in
IT. It means that they're focused on
product. They're focused on
infrastructure and they reduce the sales
team down so that they can increase the
product and then they'll probably hire
more people in the next 3 months. I'll
just tell you right now if we came back
in 3 months, they're going to hire more
people. This is the point. The point is
sales now just tells you what the
business is doing and so then you can
make assumptions. I'm not sure, but I'm
probably pretty close. So that's why
again if we go back to my messaging
here, it it's it's just the way you have
to phrase it. Hey, I'm not assuming
there's a gap.
I'm making an observation of something.
I think there's a gap here.
And then what are you doing?
This messaging is how I think about
things and getting people to reply or
engage, whatever it is. I I think this
is happening. I don't I don't know.
And then based on that, I make a move.
So, let me show you like a live example
cuz if you're like, oh, like where does
this play in the messaging? So,
uh,
this is a good example.
So, here
we were connected. I don't know why I
got connected, but that's not the point.
If you look at my, if you look at my
message here, I said, "Browsing on sales
nav, stalked a little bit, hired seven
regional directors, their AES in the
last 3 months. Is sales sourcing for
those reps a big priority right now?"
And then he didn't reply. Then I
followed back and asked for feedback. He
said it is. I don't have budget. I said
cool. We can follow up later. And then
it led into um you know reach back in
October, November. Cool. Like this is
like this is why I use sales now. I
browse on sales now. I found this thing.
I just said is this something you're
doing? It is no budget. Cool. Whatever.
Now we have a conversation moving
forward. This is how you have to think
about sales now. It's like it just gives
you all the insights you need and then
you can fire off you can fire from
there. So that that's the way that I
think about these things and how you all
can think about the same thing too,
right? That that's the main thing. So in
this conversation today, those are the
main highlights I wanted to share,
right? Change jobs.
We showed that example. That's kind of a
bonus. Post it on LinkedIn. definitely
be using this because this is how you
build your network. Send people blank
connection requests in the evening time
frame. You'll see a higher acceptance
rate. And because you'll see a higher
acceptance rate, right, at the end of
the day, you're going to right get more
people
more people to engage with you. And when
you have more people engage with you and
build your network, you're going to get
higher acceptance rates from the mutual
connections.
And then we talked about connections of
if you're not running that play 100%
[snorts] do that.
And then as well you're going to
build this lead list we talked about and
then also the past job. So if I were
coming out of this call today and then
we'll wrap up and then we'll see if any
questions. I saw some questions so I'll
answer them. I would I would tap into
post on LinkedIn last 30 days. I would
send out more blank invitations to get
higher acceptance rates to increase your
network. Then I would focus on if I'm
going after big companies who has been
in the position less than one year, let
me prospect into those people. Let me
start conversations. And I would build a
lead list of people that you have closed
and worked with and also people as well
that you
have closed the like lost a deal with so
that you can keep tabs on them. Those
are the three things I would do coming
out of this conversation when it comes
to sales nav. Now to answer the question
as well, uh
the reason for the blank connection
request is because it's ambiguous. If
you psychologically think about the
platform itself, most people will send a
note in the connection request and
because most people when they send a
note, it ends up being
let's say cringe to a degree
or let's say cr let's say cringe. Cringe
is a good word because it's like cringe
because like if you send someone a note
normally they get followed up
immediately and get pitched. So that's
uncomfortable. That's annoying. Nobody
wants that, right? Like I don't I don't
think you want that either. So that's
why people accept it more. That's my
reasoning. But in doing these workshops,
every time that I say do the blank
connection request, it's increased the
acceptance rate. So that's why I've been
kind of beating the drum on it, saying
like, hey, like do this now [laughter]
uh before it's too late. Um not too
late, like people are still going to do
it, but this is the way you want to
think about it, right? So
then to follow up on that uh posting
I would say it's truly an AB test. I
don't think there is even a right or
wrong time to post at this point. the
the LinkedIn algorithm is so
helter skelter I think is the best way
to put it that I would just encourage
you at the end of the day to focus on
three posts a week
being extremely quality
and locked in on that
and I would post between 8 to 11 local
time but if you were to post in the
afternoons I would do like 3:30 to 4:30
local time.
How are you?
Uh yes, I would focus your headline on
keeping it super simple and super
straightforward. Uh let me show you
somebody who has gone through our
training before. Oh, actually this is
actually a great example. Okay, so Josh
Josh has booked books 80% of his
meetings on LinkedIn. Now he's he's
switched up his branding because he's
doing more um consulting, but
he is an account executive
and he books 80% of his meetings from
LinkedIn, right? And he hit his annual
number
last year by June and I think he's going
to hit his number again, his whole
annual number I think in the next month.
So he's a good example that we can point
to. So to answer your question, it's
pretty clear what he's doing, right?
This isn't confusing.
Now,
you can add your your job title to
internet or internet. I don't I just
don't think it's necessary, but
you being an STRE is not going to book
you more meetings. That's not going to
move people. Respectfully, of course.
Right. So,
what I would recommend you do is
really lock into
and focus on
how to make it super clear.
I'm helping Australia and New Zealand
teams find the optimal answer with
mathematical optimization. Cool. We know
exactly what he's up to. So, Vicram,
that's what I'd focus on there.
Okay, cool. Anyone have any lasting
questions? I'll go into what we got
going on over here.
But lasting questions, now is the time.
Okay.
You're welcome. All right, y'all. So, I
got something I got something cool to
announce y'all cuz I'm actually fired
about this cuz I've been working on this
since like late Feb,
early March. So, as of yesterday, we got
we got a new site. I'm actually I'm
actually really excited about this. We
got a new site. I've been building this
for a while. I'm actually really excited
about it. So,
in this new site, what what are we
talking about? So everything that I've
walked you all through today, well a
component of it is what we do for sales
teams. Now if you're an individual
contributor,
uh you obviously can bring this up to
your leadership, but we mainly work with
B2B sales teams and organizations. And
so the cool thing is, you know, we've
been able to see some incredible
opportunities with our program called
Sales Team 6. and and with one of our
clients, as you can see right here, uh
45 days after, $21 million pipeline
attributed to them in within that 45
days, walking through this sales
navigator portion, we go through cold
calling, we go through social selling,
we go through video prospecting, we go
through being more creative, how to
sound like a human, not a robot. Uh and
then this is the results that we bring.
Obviously, you can read what's going on
here. So, this has been awesome to do.
Uh it's a fourmonth program which we're
diving into right now and we are just
obviously cranking. So you can see
obviously everything that we've been
working on. I'm just really excited to
share of this website and as you see
right here, it's a 4month program we
have here. We're doing a diagnostic.
We're teaching people exactly, hey, this
is how you get better at prospecting.
Again, a snippet of what you learned
today. And then we go into the coaching
side of like actually getting people
better at what they do. So yeah, I've
been really buzzing to create this
website. We're live. We're here now. Uh
and then AC across the board, uh you can
come check out the site. So I'll drop
the site in here. Uh it has all the
breakdown of what the program is, what
the investment is, uh starting at 30
grand as you see here. But yeah, if
you're a sales leader and you're like,
man, I need my outbound to be better.
like, I don't know what my team is
doing. I need some help. Uh, this is
what we're focusing on. Getting people
to get more responses, getting them to
be more magnetic, intuitive, and
consistent, and ultimately getting more
meaningful pipeline across the board.
So, if you are a leader and you're like,
man, I I need to figure this out. Come
check out the site. We can talk. If
you're an individual contributor and
you're like, man, I need my team to get
on this. Like, this is good info. We can
talk and we can go from there. So, for
everybody else, if you have any further
questions, now is the time. Uh, but
that's what we're working on there.
Again, we're excited to to get this
rolling even more off of this site we
built cuz we got some pretty cool
developments that are happening and uh
we're staying we're staying locked in.
We're staying locked in. So, anybody
have any lasting questions before we get
out of here? If not, uh I will this is
rapid fire, so this is the last chance.
If not, uh, this is our last episode of
the season for everybody that has come
to these. Appreciate you hanging around,
coming through saying what's up. And
also as well for everybody, we'll come
back, you know, maybe and sometime soon
with with season two, we're going to
make some tweaks to bring even better
guests and brighter content across the
board. So, we appreciate everybody uh
along the way. And then, yeah, Jeff,
that was someone that I worked with.
Bobby was someone that I worked with.
So, you're only going to put people in
there that you've worked that you've
worked with.
Cool. All right. Well, hope everyone has
a blessed Friday and also Memorial Day
weekend. Hope you have a good weekend as
well and we'll see you all on the next
one. We come back for season two.
Cheers, everybody.
