Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "channel_name": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "video_id": "x9gnC9zOtaU",
  "title": "The Secret Strategy to Turn Your Cold Leads Into Gold! (Inside of Sales Navigator)",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9gnC9zOtaU",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 52,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
I was working with a sales team last
week and here's the exact strategy that
we mapped out for them on how to
leverage sales list leads inside of
Sales Navigator. So, number one is you
want to map the buying committee. CROs,
they need ROI talks, CMOs, maybe they
want innovation, SDR managers want
efficiency. You want to get an
understanding of who is my buying
committee and how do I speak to these
individuals? Buyer personas, by mapping
them, is how you start conversations in
accounts. And when you start
conversations in accounts, it allows you
to build the use case to talk to the
right person. Point number two is you
want to warm them up first. Now, this
isn't always going to be the case. I
know some people out there are like,
"Well, I have cybersecurity. I have IT,
I have finance." I get it. But if you
can, comment on their posts, like their
updates, get them familiar before you
reach out to them if possible. This
recognition is going to beat any cold
outreach every single time. My one
additional point to this is well, as
you're looking to warm them up, is see
what they have commented on and then you
can comment on their comments if they're
not posting. Point number three is you
want to run a focused sprint. Most
people watching this video, you have
target accounts. Target accounts of 100,
150, or maybe 300 accounts. Let's just
say it's 50 accounts. You want to hit
them hard for the next 45 days. A
concentrated effort is going to beat
random acts of outreach. So, every
single day you should be like, "I'm
going to reach out to this amount of
people. I'm going to send this amount of
connection requests and then I'm going
to base on the people I reach out to,
I'm going to send them videos or voice
notes or written message across the
board." Momentum in these actions lead
to creating this amount of quality
pipeline. So, I actually I'm curious,
are any of you all running these run
focused sprints right now?
