Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "channel_name": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "video_id": "lOc1v7wghYg",
  "title": "Stop Small Talk! Use These 3 Questions to Master Networking",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOc1v7wghYg",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 56,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
I just came back from a networking event
last night and these are the three
questions on how to start your
conversations. Number one, what's top of
mind for you right now? This cuts
through the small talk stuff. Do you all
know I really do not like small talk at
all. I want to have a real conversation
about what's really going on in your
life. So, show you care about their
world, not just their quota where
they're looking to hit by understanding
what's top of mind for them, whether
it's personal or professional, and you
dive from there. Because again, it's
option. It's just not random. Point two
is, how are you measured on success? So,
as you get into what may be this top of
mind for them, this gets to actually
what matters on what is top of mind. So,
this understands their reality and
allows you to tie back to anything that
they're doing and now we can understand
what they're thinking about on a
day-to-day basis. Point number three is,
if you were looking to solve this today,
what would change for you personally?
So, what I mean by that is, this makes
the conversation more human. So, let's
say for example, they were like, "Hey,
what's top of mind for me right now is I
want to get better at pickleball." So,
it's like, "Hey, if you were to get
better at pickleball, what would change
for you personally?" And then they can
go in that conversation. This question
obviously works really well from a
professional standpoint, but it also
works really well from a personal
standpoint because we can get to the
root and the understanding of the
motivation of what its impact is going
to happen for them. If somebody is
looking to lose weight, be better at
pickleball, trying to increase their
team, there's something personal
attached to that and that's the root of
what we want to get. It's not about what
will change for them professionally,
it's what will change for them
personally. Because in this world, the
goal is to be more human and more
personally connected to people rather
than being disconnected and asking
random questions that we don't care
about.
