Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "channel_name": "Morgan J Ingram",
  "video_id": "1Fo2pYofcNQ",
  "title": "The One Outbound Shift That Gave Two SDRs 29% More Opportunities.",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Fo2pYofcNQ",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1731,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Okay, welcome back everyone to another
Muffins with Morgan. You know we do this
weekly and our goal if you have not been
here before is to bring you the most
actionable best advice when it comes to
pipeline generation and how to be
creative and how to stand out. And we
have, as you see, a packed house today.
Uh we got a we got a squad that I came
in and did a workshop with. So, they're
going to share with you what they
learned from it, what tweaks they've
made, and the success that they've seen
on their outbound channels. But, as
always, as you come in, uh, if you
haven't been here before, let us know.
If if you're repeat, like, let us know
as well. But in the chat, let us know
where you're tuning in from. We'll give
it like a minute as people are coming in
from their other meetings. So, let us
know where you're tuning in from, where
you're at. Uh, obviously, it's good to
see people across the board, who's here,
and what's going on. So, we got uh
Toronto. Shout out to Toronto in the
house. We got the we got the UK in the
house as well. Shout out to the UK. Uh
we'll got some more people trickling in.
Uh and today, you know, our main focus
is going to be, you know, how can we
convert, have more opportunities come
through the pipeline in different ways.
And we've talked a lot about LinkedIn
here, and we will touch on LinkedIn
today, but we're actually going to dive
a lot more into cold calling based on a
feedback that we've heard from a lot of
sessions in the past. cold calling
seemed to be something that people
wanted to tap more into and understand.
Uh and and with the team here, Kahooa,
and they're going to do some intros here
so you know who they are and what
they're about. Uh we learned a good bit
across the board on okay, how can we
actually go about this and leading to
success. So, uh what we're going to talk
about today is what is the shifts in
outbound you can make to convert more
opportunities. Uh, and then, you know,
from that, we're going to have the guest
here talk about what they've learned,
what they're now doing, and then how you
can take action on that as well. So, you
know, as we flip it into it, uh, again,
we have a lot of stuff going on here
across the board. So, let's just dive
right into the introductions. Uh, we'll
start with Jacob. And so, Jacob, if you
can introduce yourself, uh, tell us,
obviously, you know, we know see on the
screen what your role is, but tell us
your role. If you want to share a fun
fact, that's great as well. And we'll
dig into it.
>> Yeah. Thank you so much, Morgan. I
appreciate it. And, you know, was an
awesome experience going through your
training last December. Um, I know me
and the team, we took a lot from it and,
you know, we've seen the direct impact,
you know, of those principles and those,
uh, values you've instilled in us. Um,
so super happy to see those results. Um,
you know, I am an SDR here at Cahooa.
I've been here just under two years.
And, uh, just a fun fact about me is I I
played baseball in college.
>> Nice. What what position did you play?
>> I was a relief pitcher for uh the
University of North Georgia up in Delana
if any
>> Hey, Shout out to Delana.
>> I had a couple friends that went there.
Sean Delana. Cool. Well, Jacob, welcome
to the show. Appreciate it. Ethan, we'll
flip it to you.
>> Yes, sir. Yeah, first of all, thanks for
having me. Um SDR as well. Um but I I
would say we we have a lot of trainings
that come in. A lot of people come and
do trainings for us for our team. Um I'd
like to shout out you. you've you were
I'd say by far the best training we've
had. Uh the best takeaways. So if if you
need help, you're the guy. Uh but yeah,
fun fact, I played college golf as well.
Um we have a lot of athletes in the
office here, so it's fun. Um but yeah,
cool. I'm just happy to be here.
>> Yeah, man. Well, I received that. Thank
you so much for the for the compliment
uh across the board. And then uh Ian,
talk to us.
>> Hey, guys. So, uh Ian, I'm a sales
executive here at Cahooa. I'm in my
eighth month here, but I've been in and
out of sort of the energy business and
software for about 25 years. Um, my fun
fact, I've been in Atlanta for a long
time. I worked the 96 Olympics back in
the day, bringing people in and out of
the Olympic Village. So, really
transformative experience and I think a
real highlight for Atlanta back in that
time.
>> Yo, shout out. Uh, are you going to try
to work the World Cup?
>> No, no, no. That's a young man's game,
man. It's like it's like 18 hour days
dealing with tourists. It's not it's not
hard.
>> I thought you were gonna I don't know. I
thought you were going to run it back.
You know, you did it. You did the 96
Olympics. You did the World Cup. You
know, just keep the tradition alive, you
know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good idea. I
haven't tried it yet.
>> Cool. Well, that's everyone we have here
today and we kind of already dipped into
it with the guests that are here. Uh
they're going to go into their tactics.
They're going to share their frameworks.
But before that, I know everyone's going
to ask me like you will get a recording.
You will get a recording. Everyone's
gonna ask like, "Are you this recorded?
What's going on?" You will get the
recording here. So, you do not have to
worry about this at all. Uh, and so
you're going to be able to take this and
do whatever you need to do across the
board. So, you will get the recording.
Things will be sorted out. If you do not
get it by any chance, you can go check
out our YouTube playlist where
everything is uploaded. You can go check
it out. So, with that being said, I'm
really going to flip it back to
everybody. And it was already mentioned
a little bit. So Ethan, I'll kind of
start with you because you already were
going into it. Uh so for everybody's
context here, um as it was mentioned, I
came in and did a workshop with the
Kahooa team. And as part of what I've
told you all on these muffins and
Morgan, I have my own business. It's
called AMP Social. And our main focus is
how to increase pipeline uh
opportunities within companies working
with the SDR and the account executive
team in a meaningful way. And the goal
is to drive obviously pipeline from
that. And we've been able to do that,
you know, across millions of dollars of
pipeline across multiple clients with
their program sales team 6. And so with
that being said, you know, I'm just
going to go and talk to the people here
and say, you know, before I came in to
do that workshop in December, where were
you at in terms of your outbound, where
were you struggling? What were you
thinking about? And then we'll also talk
about as well after the program, how did
you feel? And where were you at? And
then we'll go into the tactics, what
everybody's waiting for. So Ethan, I'll
kind of flip it to you to talk about
that before and after. and then we'll go
to each person and then for everybody
listening in then we'll get into the
tactics of today.
>> Yeah, thanks. I mean I would say the
biggest takeaway I got from the when you
came and did your training um I would
say is definitely outbounding cold
calling it was something that I put a
lot of stress on maybe overthinking it
and it's really not that complicated.
It's get get people on the phone. it a
lot of people say I guess are not
conversational enough. It's just
interrupting pattern just doing
something a little bit different and
then just having a conversation trying
to get them to let their guard down as
much as possible what you can say to do
that and that's been just tremendous for
me. Um that's where I've seen my biggest
jumps.
>> Yeah, keeping it simple is really always
the key at the end of the day 100%. And
I'll flip it to you Jacob what your
thought process is here. Yeah, I think
beforehand this was so my STR career at
Cahula was my first uh first role out of
college. So, and going into sales, I
didn't really have a ton of experience
calling people, develop any like
outbound strategy. So, a lot of that was
on me to just, you know, figure out what
works. And I would say the biggest thing
that I found myself like not being like
before this training was just I could be
a lot more intentional about what I'm
doing. whether that's, you know,
developing the proper lead list. Um,
doing better research beforehand and
also just some good strategies. Um, when
cold calling, I I feel like a lot of
times I was just dialing and and hoping.
Um, and that's not really what
especially as an exathlete, you you
never want to hope. Um, you always want
to have the trust that you you have the
uh the ability to to secure your goal.
And I think that's something that I
learned a lot about during your
training. And
>> yeah, we spent we spent a lot of time on
cold calling. So it's good to hear that
it was received and taking action on it
and feeling more confident and
comfortable. Ian, I'd also flip it to
you before and after. What how are you
feeling?
>> So I mean before right I'm an engineer
by training. I was a solutions
consultant for a long time and you know
we're trying to break into new verticals
here and so I was always trying to come
up with like the perfect introduction in
LinkedIn and laboring over each person
that I'm trying to connect with where
did they go to school where did they
study um where have they worked because
I draw some similarities there because
I've been in the business a long time
and you completely challenged that
notion to me and said don't waste your
time with that most people aren't going
to read it just hit the connect if they
want to investigate you they're going to
click on the link they're going to
review your profile they're going to see
you've been in the name and they're
either going to connect with you based
on that or not. It's not going to matter
what how great those two sentences are
in the connection request. And you know,
I challenged you in real time on that. I
was like, I don't think this is going to
work. You told me to try it. I tried it.
It's been I mean, I'm, you know, getting
nearly what I was getting before, but
I'm getting much more volume. So, if
you're really just trying to connect
with five people at a company, if you
send 20 blind connects versus six
perfect connects, the 20 blind is always
better. So, um, you gave me short
actionable things that I could get real
real time feedback on and I that was
that was the biggest like breakthrough
for me, which I've told you multiple
times.
>> Yeah. No, I and I and I love that uh you
took action on it. We saw the results
and we went from there. And then for
everybody else that's tuning in, how
many of you all are using the blank
connection request? If you're not, I've
said this like a million times. So, if
you're not, like my hope is that you now
are a believer. Like, I'm telling you
all send your blank connection requests.
you have 200 connection requests per
week. So, there's no reason why you
should not be going out there and doing
that and taking action, right? Like,
that's going to be key. Uh, but what
we're going to do now is get into the
tactics. So, we're going to flip to
Jacob here and he's going to walk
through a framework that I walked them
through, showed them what to do, and
then Jacob, you're going to talk about
what is this framework mean to you, how
to use it on cold calls, and then as
we're going through this, y'all, if you
have questions, obviously get in the
chat and chime in.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um, I think, you know,
just to start off, I don't know if any
on my background, it looks backwards,
but I did write it up there. It's the
PLA method that uh Morgan Morgan taught
us and that that stands for uh the P is
pattern interrupt. Um the L is you know
light humor slash a disarm and then um
going into the number three the A is the
ask. Um before I would say before I
before our training I I was going in
doing you know a lot of heavy research
into an account um understanding exactly
uh like what they're what they were
doing um and just going in hey John or
hey Morgan um you know I you guys are
doing this XYZ you we should talk um and
that would just it would really just
throw their guard up because they're
like who's this guy that's calling me
about this when you know I didn't really
get the permission to to get to talk to
them because I'm interrupting their day.
And that's where it comes in with the
with the pattern interrupt. You know,
it's hey Morgan. Um you know, thanks for
taking my call. I know this is kind of
out of the blue. Something like you're
acknowledging that you're interrupting
the third day. Um and then that's where
you you throw in a little light humor
of, you know, I know I'm probably, you
know, catching you at the wrong time. Um
something like that. And then you you go
into your ask, you know, you just you do
you have a quick moment to chat before
meeting or you have a you do you have a
second?
And I think that that's been really
effective in me just getting that first
yes because once you get that first yes,
you can get the next yes. And after you
have like three, I think the statistics
have shown that's you more likely to get
a meeting um off of that. And you know,
after you go through the PLA method, um
I then go into my hook. you know what
I'm talking about, you know, the reason
I'm calling. Um, a lot of the times I've
had the most success is is getting a
recommendation or referral from uh from
who who I need to who I need to speak
to. Um, in our industry at Cahooa, uh,
we're speaking to a lot of construction
leadership positions and professionals.
So, most of the time I'll I will talk
to, you know, one of their project
managers beforehand and um, they'll
recommend me to talk to the director of
construction. Um, from there it's it's I
go through, you know, hey Morgan, you
know, it's thanks for taking my call. I
know it's it's out of the blue. Um, you
know, sorry about that. Do you have a
quick moment to chat? I was actually
referred over by by Ethan. He
recommended I speak to you. And I I
found that's very effective because
they're like, oh, I wonder why. It it
sparks their curiosity of like, why did
Ethan recommended me to speak to you?
And then then you're able to go into
your unique value point. And then after
that, just it's a simple call to action.
you're um and that for us is is securing
a meeting with our account executives
like Ian. Um
and I think that's is pretty good. Um I
know Ethan um does something similar. Uh
you want to go with yours?
>> Yeah. I mean I I think you said it. PLA
is very important. I mean if you can get
someone to laugh if you can get if if
you can get that part down the humor. If
you can get someone to laugh at all like
you're in. I had that like even
sometimes I'll make fun of like our name
like Cahula. They'll be like Kua. I'm
like yeah like I I wish like yeah it's
like Kua but without the L and they're
like and they start laughing and like
that works and then it's a easy five
minute conversation. So I think the
light humor is just great. Um but just
trying to make it as conversational as
possible and almost casual just try to
be their friend and like they don't want
someone to feel like they're you're
trying to get something out of them. I
think if you can make them feel that
way, you're you're kind of in.
>> I agree. I I think one of the things
that I know I know I've had success with
it and Ethan and I would say about 90%
of our SDRs here have some kind of
athletic or sports background. We make a
lot of connections to people based on
where they're from and just you know hey
you catch the game last night if it if
it's football season or if you uh you
know if we're on their LinkedIn
beforehand doing that light research
it's you know maybe we know somebody
that went to the same college as them or
something like that and just be able to
you know have that small connection goes
a long way. It just starts to build
rapport.
>> Yeah, I think that's great. But like if
you can like strategically throw that in
like not early in the call where it's
like, "Oh, like I stalked your LinkedIn,
right?
>> Uh if you can like kind of get them
going a little bit and be like, "Oh, I
like saw you like
>> played football at Florida or something
like that." Then get them going and they
love that.
>> Yeah. Let's actually I want to I want to
touch on that. Uh I don't Anybody in the
chat, do you all use like colleges or
their location as personalization on the
phone? And if you do, how? Um, but
Ethan, I want to come back to you
because I was actually doing a workshop
the other day and people were asking,
"When is the right time to add in if
their team won the Super Bowl or March
Madness? Do I lead with that? Do I wait
until I've done the value prop?" Like, I
know there's probably not a clear-cut
silverbullet answer, obviously, but what
have you seen in including that? Is it
like, do you do the intro and then you
kind of squeeze it in? Do you lead with
like what you were going to call with
him anyways and then the middle you say,
"Oh, by the way, congrats on this." Like
how do you think about it?
>> I think that's it's tough. I think you
really have to feel that out just kind
of where the conversation's going. I
don't think you want to like try to use
it like to save a conversation if it's
not going well.
>> Yeah.
>> Like,
hey, book a meeting with me. Y'all won
the Super Bowl. Give me a chance. It's
like, uh, okay.
>> Yeah. it it's like kind of if you get a
little bit of conversation going you I
think you throw it in there if it if it
feels right but I I don't think that's
on every I I don't think it works in
most situations.
>> So in what situations are you using it
if you do use it? I guess is
>> um I I think there's got to be a little
bit of rapport built in the call already
for it to be there.
>> Okay.
>> Uh I it's tough. It's not on a cold
call. It's not something I bring up as
like
an initial like try to that's not my
first
uh I don't I don't really know best way
to explain it. But
>> it's not like your It's not like your
It's not like your intro.
>> Yeah, it's it's certainly not in the
intro. It's not the first thing I'm
going to do to try to connect with
someone, but it if you can use it, it
works great.
>> Okay.
>> But Lauren, if I might jump in, I I have
a pretty pretty good example. I was
talking to a guy the other day. Um I
don't remember I don't remember where I
think he's based out of New Jersey. Uh
yeah, he's based out of New Jersey and
he was having a long time pulling up his
calendar uh so we could schedule a
meeting and so that's when I brought
that's when I started bringing up you
know you a Giants fan you like the Mets
Yankees
>> right
>> asked about that and while he was
pulling up we talked about that and then
after I booked the meeting and we
touched a little bit more on that and
then we were able to actually start a
little bit deeper dive discovery into
like some of their problems so we're
actually able to find more information
that would be useful for a discovery
call. So that might might have had a
little bit more information on the on
the for that going into it.
>> Ethan, you got I feel like Yeah, you got
a point. Go. Okay, go ahead.
>> I was just going to compliment Jacob.
That's something he does better than
anyone else here or that I've seen is
once even after he gets a meeting, he'll
go in and do like the AE's job for them.
He'll go do a 10-minute discovery, like
make friends with the guy on the phone
for an extra 10 minutes, even after he's
already gotten the meeting. He'd be
like, he could say, "Oh, that's enough.
I've already done my job." But he he's
he nailed that. Like, he does that
really well.
>> I think I think uh yeah, Cole just put
that in there. I I feel like this is
probably the most critical thing across
the board. And then Ian, I'm gonna ask
you a fault question on this, but I want
to come to Jacob because for everyone
listening in. If you, it doesn't really
matter if you're an SDR, an account
executive, if you're leading an STR
team. I know we got a mix of people in
this room here today. This is the most
important advice that Jacob's about to
share because this will increase your
stay rate on your meetings. And then
also, if you're an STR handing off,
handing it off to AEES, they're going to
like you more. Uh, and then obviously if
you're an AE, like you should be doing
this anyways. So, Jacob, go walk us
through the process of that. You
schedule the meeting and you're
following up with more questions and
building that rapport. What's your
thought process through that? What are
their go-to questions you create? I want
to hear more about this because this is
very important when you're doing cold
calls cuz people get the meeting and
then they they leave. And I think you
should say a couple more minutes to get
more information. So, walk us through
that process. Yeah, I I would say, you
know, when I first started, it was all
about just getting the meeting and
getting to my account executives on the
call. Um, you know, I understood, you
know, started to understand and my my
account executives actually gave me
feedback like, hey, you know, it' be
great to have some more information
before I went into the call, but I I was
hesitant sometimes because I didn't know
exactly which question to ask or how to
approach the questions. And one thing
that we went over in our training, I
remember is the uh the radar framework
and how to like ask good leadin
discovery questions. So I approached
that situation like kind of like just
when I'm talking to the prospect, every
in our industry, it's a very complex
sale, very long sale. So every client is
going to be a little bit different. And
I I tell them that I was like, "Hey, you
know, Morgan, like you know, I
understand you guys are here right now.
We work with we're working with XYZ, but
each each organization operates a little
bit different. you know, what are some
of the what are some of the things
you're going through right now that you
think that could be improved in the
future or there are any initiatives
right now that are going on um that
you're looking at you know solving by
the end of the year this year and you
know if they are hesitant on answering
that they're like I'm not really sure um
that's fine or I mean obviously best
case scenario is they say yes and then
we automatically have that solution
that's like that's part of the radar
that's the center point of the bull's
eye um we then I immediately follow that
up in the next steps. Okay, awesome.
We'll be able to discuss that more. Um,
and then I can send you a little bit
more background on what we do in that.
But if they say no, if they're kicking
the tires, like we're not really sure.
Um, it's when I go into a little bit
more of a layered question and that I
when I add more context like say Morgan,
you're from the city of Newark, New
Jersey. Be like, "Hey, we're we're
speaking with the city of Trenton as
well and you know, they mentioned XYZ.
is that anything that you're facing as
well? And that up allows them just to
open up a little bit more. You're
layering questions in there without them
knowing it. Providing them a little bit
more context into some of the things
that maybe they aren't even thinking
about. They're like, "Oh my goodness,
that's that's something that we would
definitely want to discuss or yeah, this
is this has been a big pain for us." Um,
I think that's just really finding out
and understanding your prospect and how
you can approach those questions. And
then from there, it's it's pretty
simple. will just keep diving in a
little bit deeper. Um, if they start to
pivot, you kind of just you can either
roll with them and to where they're
going to the next segment or you'll
start bringing the conversation back to
what you were talking about in the first
place. It's totally fine to do either
way, but the key is just, you know,
asking those high impact questions that
will provide the most context and
information to, you know, sales
executives like like Ian. I think that's
been where I found this most success.
>> No, I love that. And I think again, I
hope everybody truly took notes on that
cuz that's so important to have that
process dialed down. This is what's
going to increase your opportunities and
get you better at what you're doing
across the board. So, I see we have a
questions coming in. We're going to
answer that. I'm going to flip to Ian.
Uh for you as an SE, right? You're
getting these opportunities. How
important is it what Jacob just
described uh when you're getting those
meetings as well?
>> Yeah, I think it's important. I mean, I
want to make sure that, and you know,
Ethan and I talk about this every day
and Jacob and I talk about it when he
and I get to work together. I don't need
them to be experts on the industry or to
know all the acronyms or inside terms.
Um, I need them to know our value prop
and who else we've worked with possibly
in the industry and then let me be the
subject matter expert so they don't get
I think a lot of times SDR is like, I've
never called into this vertical. I don't
know anything about it. You don't have
to know anything about it. You know
about our product. You're the expert on
our products. uh as far as how we can
bring value, let me do that deep
discovery. But I think it does help
prime them. Um because a lot of people
who have been at organizations for five
ten years, right? You know, people buy a
car every 5 years, they buy software
every 10 years, they don't know that
these questions are coming like they
don't they probably never thought about
it really in depth. So whatever the STRs
can do could kind of seed that a little
bit to get them thinking about it. Then
when we come in to do proper discovery
and ask questions, you know, leading
questions, trying to get to where we can
actually start to solve some of these
things, um, it helps kind of like get
the like lubrication going in their
brain to start thinking about this
stuff. Um, and when someone is saying
about personalization, I try not to use
it in the first outreach because it
seems like I'm overprepared and maybe a
little bit needy. I will wait till the
second email. So if I like if I use up
all my tricks in the first email and
they don't reply to it, then I'm like,
well, I can't mention, you know,
baseball again. So I I will usually keep
personalization to the second contact.
So I have that in reserve if they did or
did not engage the the first time. This
just what's been been working for me.
>> And then and then to follow up on that
for you, that's email. But when you're
and when you're thinking about the
phone, is it is it similar kind of what
to Ethan and Jacob are saying? Like,
okay, I'm not going to lead with, hey,
like saw you won the March Madness
tournament. Like, let's book a meeting.
Like, I mean, it's not that
straightforward, but like
>> No, I think if they if they open up a
little bit, so again, people will hear
our name and I can hear them like typing
in and looking it up in the background.
Or if someone says, "Is that from
Hawaii?" And I'll say, "Yeah, have you
been to Hawaii?" Then they'll say, "Oh,
yeah." And then, oh, what's your
favorite island? Um, I think you have to
be ready to go off script and be
organic. So, if the prospect opens up,
even anything. Oh, my dog's barking in
the background. Sorry. Oh, really? What
kind of dog do you have? Oh, my golden
retriever's barking all the time. I'm
surprised you can't hear him right now.
I think being maybe not leading with it,
but being responsive and organic to when
they offer any kind of minor insight. I
remember you used to always say like
listen to their inonation. see if you
know if you if you ask them, "Well,
how's that going?" and they go, "It's
going pretty, you know, it's going
pretty good." Like, you have to be able
to hear that and be able to respond to
it. Same thing if they open up anything
that you could um use as a further way
to ingratiate yourself to that person.
Um I I usually wait for them to like
show that they're willing to share that
in a in a first conversation. But if
not, then I'll keep it strictly kind of
x's and o's and to what those guys are
saying. And then obviously I try to, you
know, if I can see that they've have a
similar work history to me,
>> yeah,
>> maybe maybe kind of feel them out. The
problem with having a long work history
is, you know, I worked at G for 15 years
and maybe they worked for G, but they
didn't have a great experience. I don't
necessarily want to leave with that
because they might be like,
>> oh, I hate that brand or I don't like
the way I left there and they don't I
don't want them to associate me with
that with that feeling. So I think you
got to tread lightly uh on those
regards. So I kind of wait and see how
they respond and then try to be organic.
um having done my homework but not not
leading with that.
>> Yeah, I I think the and then we'll flip
to Ethan. We'll go to the question
because I still see it in the Q&A uh to
comment on what you're saying there,
Ian. And for everyone else too listening
in, uh when you're thinking about
booking more meetings on the phone, if
you're not doing this already, again,
another thing to take note of because
this is this will fundamentally help not
only your cold calls, but it'll also
help you with life. You'll look at you
look at conversations differently. So
most people they give you clues and this
is what I shared with with the team uh
when we were in the workshop is that
people on the phone people in life give
you clues and so as Eden was talking
about the way that they articulate words
or the words that they say so if you
have are having a conversation with
someone and you're saying oh how is your
day and they just say it's okay that
means so many things right most people
will just miss that and move on instead
of being like okay and literally just
mirroring and leaving it there. They
will give you the information of what's
occurring and it's probably way more
than you thought it actually was. So, I
say look out for irregular words. Okay.
All right. Like it we're doing we're
doing fine. These are things you can ask
questions on that has more information,
but if you don't unpack it, then you'll
miss the clue and then you'll miss out
on the information you could have
gotten. So, that's very important. Uh,
but Ethan, I saw you go uh off mute
there, so I don't know if you wanted to
chime in.
>> Yeah, I mean, not really. I didn't uh
have too much to add to that. I think
just talking to anyone in general,
they're going to give you so much
information, the stuff that they say. I
go back and listen to the calls where
I'm like, man, they they gave me they
really gave me something here. I
completely missed it. And I think a lot
of times we'll get caught like, what's
the next thing we're going to say?
Rather than like just listening to the
prospect and they they'll tee you up.
They'll they'll they'll ask the question
for you if you're listen
>> 100%. They'll they'll tell you a lot.
And this is a question that we just had
in here uh which is do you all have any
other rapport advice beyond sports or
colleges or things of that nature? Any
anything else on rapport building that
in that you know first three five
seconds as you get on the phone?
given my age, I use pets and dogs
if if if it's appropriate and because
people I'll be if I'm at home, people
will see my background. I don't use a
fake background. They can see I'm
sitting in a real room. They can see my
kids um uh pictures on the walls and
I've had people obviously have put me
full screen and said, "Oh, is that who
you know what's that what's that book
behind you?" So, you know, there used to
be like room raider during COVID. They
would kind of rate people's backgrounds.
Um, I don't if you guys remember those
from from the co days and people be on
Zoom calls. Um, but I try to let my
whatever is going on in sort of
ambiently behind me be as natural as
possible so it doesn't seem like I'm
just a person sitting in a cube and
sometimes that will like people will see
a picture of my daughter or ask old my
kids are or they'll see a tail go by.
Um, so I think that that humanizes
humanizes you. So, um, I don't know. I
try not to be on a virtual background.
Just I want them to see that I'm
actually working or and I'm in a real in
a real room.
>> Yeah, 100%.
>> And stand up, you always say. So, I'm
standing up right now.
>> Hey, you got to stand up. People be
sleeping on me. I'm sitting down right
now, but you got to stand up.
>> Uh, Jacob, thoughts to us.
>> I I think Ian really made a great point
there of just, you know, you want to be
as, you know, real as possible with him.
I think that's probably the biggest
thing to be able to do. Um, so that's a
great point, but I think, you know,
other than that, just building rapport
is um the location, where they're from,
you know, if you if you're able to know
that, you know, that's huge because you
can just talk about things that are
around there. Um, you know,
understanding maybe their background.
Oh, where were you at before you were
here? Um, you know, just understanding
more about them as a person. Um, letting
them feel like you're actually curious.
You're not just trying to be
transactional about getting the meeting.
Um that I think that's that's the
probably the biggest thing.
>> Yeah. I I would say there's such a like
I think a negative connotation around
like sales people. I think the more you
can do to like make it seem like you're
not trying to sell them anything like
the better. The more you can just be
like peertopeer with them like it I
that's where I make the most strides.
But I I didn't know if you want to go in
this direction, but LinkedIn, just doing
LinkedIn research, seeing what kind of
connections you can get. Like maybe they
worked at a company that um was a
customer of ours or just any sort of
sort of connections on LinkedIn, I
think, is huge. You can just have it in
your back pocket.
>> What Yeah, I guess let let's call that
out. like what do you you mentioned what
you're looking for if they worked at a
company that was or you know is a
customer of yours mutual connections
anything else you're looking in like
their LinkedIn profile like I know
sometimes I'll just look at their
profile and be like is this person even
I don't is this person nice like like
like who am I to deal with when I call
them so like how are you assessing it
like what are other things you're
looking in the profile
>> uh I mean for me I'm I'm always looking
like see how recently they are in the
role that they're in if they've changed
roles recently or changed companies,
that's huge. Like it's that's pretty
easy to talk to. Um if they've been with
a customer of ours, maybe if they've I
know that they've used a competitor of
ours, like that can kind of help. Um but
I I don't know.
>> What would you say, Ian?
>> Man, I I check to see, you know, where
they went to school. I check and see
what their interests are at the bottom,
like who they're following. Well, the
interest. Yeah, that's a good point. The
good
>> interest is a good a good indicator.
Sometimes I look and see how much
description they put in their own job
description. So, if they put like, oh, I
worked with large if it's a bunch of
like generic pablum, then I'm like, oh,
this person knows their BS. Or if they
say, you know, I worked with this team
and we helped save $50 million in a
productivity. Um, usually that means
that they've used that in a resume and
they've copy and pasted in because they
wanted to show like real, you know,
measurable dollar amounts when they're
applying for something. So, I'll try to
read through them. If they have 500 plus
connections and if I'm connecting,
they'll probably connect with me, too,
because they're in that connection game.
But, if they're a very senior person
who's got like 200 connections, I'm
like, this this person may never even
see LinkedIn. They may log in once every
six months. Um, so I try to do a little
bit of of detective work on especially
using Sales Navigator. Um, you know,
looking for past colleagues, looking for
people that follow your company, using
some of the integrations with CRM. Um, I
think it helps narrow down very very
large lists into more manageable lists
of people that are more likely to be
good contacts to connect with. Um, and I
also find that mid-level people um are
more likely to connect, right? So you
can send blind connects to people in the
seuite. They may or may not. Um, I think
it's purely luck of the draw. If you
catch them, you know, like on a Friday
afternoon, they're just trying to click
through and get rid, you know, lower
their inbox. But mid-level people, I
think also they're trying to build
community as well. And so, you know, I
try different different versions of of
who to connect with those sections. But
I think if you just look people
generically on LinkedIn, um you know,
you look for people in this space, in
this industry, in these states, and if
you get more than like five pages worth
of contacts, like you're going to drown.
Like that's not useful.
>> You want to really narrow it down so you
can, you know, get those five good
potential connects and then hope one of
them takes your call.
>> So let's go into that. You know, Ian,
when we were talking before we got on
this muffins today, uh you've been
taking some things that we talked about
in the workshop, uh from a creative
perspective, and people here have been
>> hearing me talk about use screenshots
like have some fun and and you you have
done that. So, if you want to walk
through just some messaging that you've
done, where where you've seen uh the
engagement, things of that nature, let's
drill into that uh as well. And again,
as y'all have questions, feel free to
continuously ask questions in here in
the Q&A as I see them come in. Um, but
we're going to flip it to Ian, and he's
going to like just talk through what
he's done inside of his emails, to do
screenshots and creativity. And again,
the whole goal, as you all know, with
with these conversations is to expand
your perspective to do something
different. These are not silver bullets,
but all we're here to do is expand
perspective. So, Ian, we'll flip it to
you.
>> Yeah. So, a couple things. So, I work
with energy industry, right? So that's
people doing solar development, wind,
battery energy storage, classical power
generation, some nuclear SMR, and those
guys are like very particular. So if
they work in wind and you send them
pictures of a solar farm, they're going
to say, "This guy doesn't know me." So I
would create uh blocks of text that were
very similar in their message, but they
were tailored to whether that person was
in which subindustry, and then also
where they were in sort of the project
life cycle. Were they in development?
Were they in construction? Were they in
commissioning? Were they in plant
integration? Were they in operations?
were they in long-term maintenance,
right? Because those all have individual
tweaks. So, I created 12 or 15 different
blocks of text that are basically saying
the same thing, but are tailored to that
individual. So, I could make sure that
if I'm sending them text, they're going
to see something that's relevant. And
sometimes I put little Easter eggs in it
that showed I knew something specific
about the business. Um, because I was in
gas turbines for so long, I would put
things in there that AI probably
wouldn't think to generate that look
like someone knew what they were talking
about. So I would try text and then you
know I try sending if you send links or
send PDFs people simply aren't going to
click on them and download them. They
just aren't um whether their own
software you know Outlook screens it out
or they are have been trained not to
click on anything and most people have
at this point. So I started putting
together value props and having a nice
image with again industry specific
imagery and then some value props and
then text in the image. So embedding the
image in the body of the email. Um, so
like if they're not going to reply to my
email, then I'm not going to waste the
email. I have that precious transmission
that they might read. I'm not going to
waste it on something generic. I want
them to see something specific,
tangible, related to their business and
related to how Cahoot addresses their
business. Whether they choose to respond
or not, I can't really influence that,
but I want to make sure they're seeing
good, valuable information. And I've
even AB tested it with diagrams versus
pictures. Um, also I will send myself
that email as a preview so I can see
what it looks like in the side panel in
Outlook. So you know how people like go
down through and they're just using the
like the pop out view, the preview
panel. I want to see what it looks like
in the preview panel to say is it
enticing enough to divert the rise from
the main panel over to the right. All of
these little things just to see and
preview on the phone mention someone
mentioned as well just to see will they
actually see your email. Um, and even if
you get it slightly wrong, I would love
for a person to challenge me
technically, come back and say, "Oh, no.
You don't understand this. The
technologies changed the last couple
years." Awesome. Tell me I'm wrong. At
least you read my email and you reply to
me. I'm engaging. Yeah. So, um, I've
been doing a bunch of different versions
and measuring um, you know, once you
send 300 emails of the same type or 300
emails of a different type, you can
start to see if one is being opened
percentage-wise more, then okay, well,
let's tack in that direction and see how
we do. Um, and then as people read
emails, even if my next step was going
to be a second email, man, if they read
my email and they opened it, I'm going
to call them. I'm going to interrupt
that normal pattern and interrupt and
call them because they've shown a
willingness to at least engaged with my
material. So, I think a lot of people
colloquially will just say, "Oh, this
wasn't working or that didn't work or
nobody answered." And if you don't
measure it, then you don't really know.
So, I another big lesson for me, Morgan,
that you gave was, "Hey, if you think
you got different ways to do this, AB
test it. do it 300 times one send 300
people one version send a different 300
people the other version and see if
there's a material difference and if
there's not then maybe it doesn't matter
if there is okay then start iterating in
that direction so um that's what
especially if you're trying to break
into a new industry a new vertical a new
geography um don't think you're going to
get it right you probably won't but
you've got to be willing to learn and
evolve from what doesn't work otherwise
you're just going to keep doing the same
thing month over month so that's what
I've been really honing in on the last
couple months
>> awesome and and uh if you could just
quickly show everybody here an example
of what that email looks like. Uh just
so people can see the visual. But again,
this is what I've been telling you all
is like this is what you want to tap
into. Looking at things from a different
lens and being like, okay, how can you
how can you take advantage of that,
right? That's the that's the goal.
That's the premise. That's the focus
that we want to have right across the
board. How do you share screen real
quick? So, we're using this tool. I
don't advocate for any tool or any
other, but um you can see that I've got
basically the same messaging, the same
structure set up for solar and battery
storage, early stage solar, wind. Um
again with some value props and sort of
what Cahooa does at the bottom. And then
I have the very same message of two
different images. So I have one that I
call cartoon. Obviously this is
landscape mode. I have another one with
a diagram. So like engineers, are they
going to be more likely to read the
diagram or are they going to be more
drawn to the picture? So, um, I have all
of these different blocks of text again,
uh, specific to the industry, specific
to the individual, and I send them out,
you know, tens, 20s, hundreds of times
and get real-time measurement on which
ones are are most effective. So then
when I do the next round for the next
group of prospects, I can switch it up
and try something different.
>> And again, like, as you see all here,
these are these are visuals and things
to think about, right? these are this is
how you can take advantage of what
you're doing today and how to go about
it etc. right, across the board. Uh, and
so I want to I want to take that
information uh and extend it and go into
LinkedIn. Right? So, we've talked about
cold calling, we've talked about email.
Let's dive into LinkedIn. Jacob, Ethan,
we'll kind of flip it to you because I
know we were talking about what have you
all been doing on LinkedIn. I know the
main bulk of your meetings come from
cold calling, but what have you been
doing from a LinkedIn perspective since
the workshop to get response, get
responses, get results, etc.?
Ethan, you want to go or me?
All right, sounds good. Um, I think
first off, I'm going to highlight this
again because it was this has been so
huge for me. Um, just the blank connects
um, from the get-go. Like that was that
was actually really a big game changer
for me because I could just go through
and just connect with people. It saved
me time rather than thinking about, you
know, trying to craft the silver bullet
for each person to get them to connect
with me. I just connect with them and
you know if they connect with me
awesome. If not no worries it's 3 weeks
and then maybe try again. I think that
was that was fine. Another thing is lead
list. Uh we use sales nav here at
Kahooa. It's a very powerful tool. Um on
that there's a function that uh you can
filter it by people that have been
previously at a company and recently
switched roles. Uh so how you know one
one of the ways we leverage it is by
looking at people in our who are our
ICPs or ideal personas um that came from
current Cahooa clients um and shifted to
another role at a different company that
maybe doesn't use Cahooa. So we call in
there call those people. Hey, you know,
I just saw you moved over um or have you
have you have the access on LinkedIn and
you can go there and you can build a
build a rapport. They already have
familiarity with Google. So it's a
little bit of research um and you know
builds a familiarity there. I I think
you know I I filter out my list based
off my territories. I have a lot of
different lists. One of them is that
those is that new role uh list. Another
one is, you know, who's connected with
me in the last two weeks. Uh because I
want to make sure I, you know, send him
a thank you for connecting um message as
well within those first two weeks, but
not like the day of. I remember Morgan
told us that
um is don't send a message I think right
after they connect with you because you
don't want to seem like it's AI.
>> Yeah. Hey, look, everybody everybody
thinks everything's AI nowadays, so you
don't
You can't beat it. You got to switch it
up.
>> Yeah.
So,
>> Ethan, uh, I guess how are you using?
>> I mean, I I would say SalesNav, if
you're not using sales nav and you're
outbound and you're behind,
it's I use I go I will every single
person I call, I'll make sure to look at
their
um, LinkedIn, like go through sales nav
and just check it, see if if it's
updated, see if they're still in that
account. Um, I think it's always the
most updated form of contact for anyone,
I think. Um, especially depending like
if you're in commercial and energy
industries, like me and Ian working a
lot, like that's that LinkedIn's huge.
But I mean, there's so many good ways to
use lead list and filters on SalesNav to
find people that fit what you're looking
for. Whether it's they've worked at a
customer and if they have worked at a
previous customer, sometimes it's good
to go to someone at the company who
works that account, be like, "Hey, how
was a relationship with that account?
Would if I is that something worth
bringing up?" And like sometimes you
want to make sure you do that to make
sure that
maybe it's not a sour relationship.
>> Yeah. I kind of got a question for the
chat as well as Ethan. Um you know you
connect with somebody on LinkedIn.
You've been connected with them for
about a for about a week. You know on a
cold call to that person are you
referencing uh this goes to the chat as
well. Are you referencing uh that that
you connected with them on LinkedIn or
we connected a little bit little whiles
back? you
you have done that at all?
>> I I think that's similar to like sending
them an email ahead of time like hey
like I I or I saw we connected on
LinkedIn like want to give you a call or
hey did you get a chance to see my
email? I do think that works for sure.
It's not something I use every time. Um
but I don't I don't Jacob you do you do
that? It's something I've tried a couple
times just to see if it like resonates
with somebody or if it's just just like
I I don't know. I've had one person
respond
LinkedIn that much. Um I I might we
might have connected, but I've also had
another positive response like, "Oh
yeah, I saw that. Yeah, uh that's that's
pretty cool." But I did send him a
message on LinkedIn beforehand. So it
was more of I was referring to that
message like, "Hey, we connected on
LinkedIn. You know, you you sent over a
message. saw you went to uh it was
something it was a university close by
to me or someone we played against in
baseball and it kind of just built a
rapport there. Um I thought it was
helpful there.
>> I feel like
the only times I'll ever reference if
they connect with me is if they have a
very unique profile.
>> Okay.
>> And so what I mean by that is I'm like I
don't know like one guy he had like the
craziest mustache ever. So I was like,
"Hey, oh yeah, hey, by the way, your
mustache looks crazy on your LinkedIn."
And so like I'll kind of mention that or
like some people have crazy hats or some
people wear like bow ties. Like it has
to be like a unique profile for me to
tap in or going back to Ethan's point,
you all know this because I've talked
about this is if they post in the last
30 days, then I know they have some
level of activity on LinkedIn. So I know
they at least check it often. So there's
a high likelihood if I mention it maybe,
but I find that like I'll just call I'll
mention my name or other reps will
mention their name and then they'll be
like, "Oh yeah, I remember you." And
then that that makes it easier. But
that's the way at least I would look at
it in this example.
>> Yeah. Two two quick things for me on
that. Like I I like creating those lead
lists because then you can that becomes
um your feed, right? You can look at the
lead list and see how they're actually
posting as opposed to your LinkedIn feed
which is going to be more algorithmic.
if you have those lead list and you can
see how they're posting and um I find
this little things of liking or comment
especially if it's industry specific
liking or commenting there was a guy who
I connected with who's SVP of a big
utility company and he had a picture of
a brand new hard hat and he was saying
it's great to get back out in the field
and I was like
>> dude when I was 24 I take that brand new
hard hat and drag it along the ground
because I wanted to look like I was 30
not like I was 24 on the job site and he
liked my comment. So, I think being
having those lead lists, as the guys are
saying, that gives you a more tailored
uh feed in your LinkedIn. The other
thing I'll add with sales nav, although
I love sales nav, getting data out is
terrible. So, I'm actually using control
A and chat GPT to tell me how many
people have I sent connects to versus
pending, versus accepted because it's
hard to get it's difficult to get hard
data out of sales nav. But chatbt or
other engines, I'm sure, are great at
reading the insanity of of an HTML page
and actually giving you hard numbers
based upon what you did. So that's where
I've got my numbers from. Um, so I'm
using those two things in parallel also
because um, Chat TPD can read other
things that are on that page. So you can
create a a nice table from all those
people you send connects to. Um, so just
a tip for people that are if you're
LinkedIn and sales nav are great, but
getting anything out of them is a
challenge.
Okay, y'all. We've covered a lot. We've
covered on just to kind of go here. We
like 12 minutes left. We'll really open
this for open this up for overall Q&A.
We'll allow people to tell you where you
could follow them, engage with them if
you have if you have further questions.
Uh just to recap everything we've heard
so far just for everybody listening in
because obviously as you have sat in
here in this conversation today, you
know, obviously there's time where you
can go execute and do your thing. So,
number one uh that I think that we got
out of today was the PLA that Jacob
broke down for us in the beginning. If
you're not thinking about your cold call
introductions that way, this is going to
be a massive miss for you across the
board. Like, this is 100% what you need
to be diving more into using this PLA,
using this introduction. Uh this is
going to make your life way easier at
the end of the day when you do this,
right? Uh, number two is we talked about
being aware of the situation when
there's a cold call and asking those
followup questions, handling those
objections and getting in front of it
overall. And then third, kind of what
Ian was just dipping into, how can you
be more creative with your outreach? How
can you be more thoughtful in the way
you go about it so ultimately you can
see that success in what you are doing.
So, uh, with all that being said, if
anybody has any questions, now is the
time. ask any questions to everyone
that's up here around the creative
outreach, the things we talked about on
cold calling, the things we talked about
different touch points. Um, but with
that being said, for the three of you,
as we do wrap here, where can people
follow you or any lasting piece of
advice that you want to give people?
We'll wrap up. I'll tell everybody
what's going on on our side uh from the
AMP social biz, but for you all, any
lasting things that you'all want to
share? And again, audience, now is the
time to ask your questions.
Yeah, I think you know me, Ian, and
Ethan, we're all on LinkedIn. Um, you
know, we're we're we love talking with
people about our strategies, what's been
working. Um, even like, you know, some
things that haven't worked in the past
as well. Uh, definitely get throw us a
connect on there. We'd be happy to chat,
uh, you know, offline as well. Um, you
know, I would say the last thing is
just, you know, find what works for you.
Um, everybody's different. Me, Ian, and
and Ethan, we all operate differently.
uh we have different different ways to
to reach success. You know, the path
from A to B is is not going to be the
same. Find what works for you and uh
then stick to it.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um I'll go ahead and
go. I mean, if if you want to find me on
LinkedIn, I think I might be the only
Ethan on Versat. So, uh pretty easy.
>> Um but I mean I know I'd love to talk if
anyone wants to reach out if anything
I've said you're like, "Oh yeah, I think
you should be doing this something
differently or if you think I'm wrong
about anything, we'd love to talk." And
I I just any any way I can get better.
If you want to help me get better,
great. But uh yeah, Ian.
>> Yep. Anyone can find me. Uh what I would
leave to is is, you know, if you're
having a slow day or you got a day set
up for doing nothing but prospecting. Um
I like to do email and content
generation in the morning, kind of that
creative and think about how I'm going
to send things. Um and then in the
afternoon, so I can respect West Coast
time, just start making calls, man. like
just sit down or stand up and the first
three are the most difficult. Uh and
then you just get in that rhythm. So
I'll get in the rhythm in the afternoon.
Just bank out, you know, there's nothing
on my calendar. Kids aren't from school.
I just bang out two, three hours of
calls
>> and just just go.
>> What do you mean respect West Coast
time? You got to get them up, call them
at like 6:30 local time so they'll
answer.
>> He said respect respect the West Coast.
That's my job. Don't respect him.
>> That's That's how you get him to answer
the phone.
>> Come on in.
>> I saw we we didn't have a question in
the chat, but I got one for you that I
was curious about.
You know, if you had to give advice to
your to your younger self that's just
starting out uh in a sales role, you
know, what's like the top one thing
you'd tell your younger self?
>> Uh my younger self when I started 10
years ago or my younger self in today's
age?
>> Uh your younger self, you when you first
started?
>> Okay. I would have spent
three
months deep with customer success.
I just would have spent all my time
learning every single use case. uh you
can have it going every single use case,
every single understanding of our of our
industry and I would understand the
customer in and out because once I once
I understand that then all the skills I
learn are just added bonuses because now
I I already know the language and now I
can everything we just talked about
today and that I that I know I would
have got I would have basically moved
even faster in the role across the
board. So I would have spent all my time
with customers and even if I had to go
into organization today, I would spend
literally no time with really anybody
else besides, okay, what are the
customers saying? What's the talk of the
town? What do they care about? And then
now I can formulate my hypothesis on
what type of outbound and how do I need
to sell. So my younger self, that's what
I do. Spend all my time with customer
success for like 90 days deep. That's
what I would do.
>> What What about the other option now?
What would you tell your younger self in
today's age? So, um
that the customer piece would be in the
top three, but the number the number one
thing that I would do is I would go find
I would go in the CRM
and I basically would just pull a report
of like the customers and I'd be like,
"Okay, I put it in AI and be like, okay,
tell me what industries do we do we sell
the best? which personas are actually
buying this. Um what are the because
like in the Salesforce reports it tells
you like why they won the deal. So then
it's like okay why did they win this
deal? And so I would just sit and study
and analyze that uh across our last
year's data and then it would give me an
understanding of okay the reason that
people buy this product is because of
these three reasons. And so now I'm
going to now I'm going to use that
moving forward as let's say I was
starting out as an SDR. Now as an STR, I
know exactly who to go target. I know
what industries that people care about.
I understand everything across the board
and I can go execute. Uh 10 years ago,
like you would have to do that manually.
So I just would have gone to the
customers first. But with AI, I could
just put a report in there. I could tell
it what to find. I could tell it what to
decipher. And then I would just leverage
AI to get the insights and data that we
already have so that I can be more
proactive and thoughtful in the way I
reach out. So that would be the
difference that I would take if I were
to start today.
Yeah, that's great. I love the like the
CSM aspect. Just learning the customer
and learning the industry. Like man,
that's invaluable. I I wish I would just
that's all I would have done the first
three months I started here.
>> That's it. I I like that's why I got
hooked the first three months when I
first started as an SDR because I was
like I need to learn the the hacks of
the emails and the calls and like I I I
was learning these hacks but I really
didn't know why I was calling a VP of
marketing or CMO. I had no idea. Uh I
didn't know what I was doing. And so I
remember that fourth month I messaged
the director success of customer success
and I was like hey like I know this is
going to sound odd but I just want to
listen to the calls. Like I want to hear
what's going on. And I remember within
that 30 days I was able to speak the
natural language and then my skills
started catching up to that language and
it was a complete difference. And I
think obviously on LinkedIn you can go
follow me or whoever for sales tips but
I actually think that's not the best
route for you to go initially. I think
that you should like not actually go on
LinkedIn for at least a couple months
when you start your link or your STR
role and you should only be talking to
people that are customers cuz you're
going to get too confused by the advice
that's out here. I would just tell you
go speak to the customers because
they're going to know more than me.
Those are the people you're talking to.
You're not selling to me. You're selling
to the VP of IT, the the data scientist,
the VP of marketing, etc. So that's why
I would start with that immediately if I
had to go back.
That's a good question. Got me fired up.
Got me fired up. All right, y'all. So,
uh, last thing lasting thing, you know,
you've been on here before. We're going
to talk about, you know, what are we
doing over here? Why do we do these
webinars? So, I always share this like
this has just been really cool. So, you
know, with a client that we worked with
within the SAS space, you know, this
this is what we were able to do with
them, which was pretty cool. Uh, we have
a program called Sales Team 6. If you
have not been on these muffins and
Morgans before, um, this is the business
that we run. This is the program that,
uh, Jacob, Ethan, and Ian just just went
through. So, with one of the clients, we
were able to contribute $21 million in
pipeline. as you see 29% increase in
opportunities, 26% meetings booked, and
80% increase in that LinkedIn activity.
And that's the goal and that's what
we're focused on here based on the
tactics that we've shared. So, if you're
a SDR AE sales leader on the call today
and you're wondering, okay, I've I've
heard these things on how I can do
better at outbound. I want my team to be
more creative in their approach. I want
them to think outside the box, just like
we talked about today. Well, this is the
program we're tapping into. So, as you
see here, you can read out what this
program is. Uh, we got a 45day program
that we go into. Uh, we really focus on
how do we account orchestration, right?
SalesNAV. How do you get better at
salesNAV to actually target and get
build quality meetings? Multi-touch
approach. How do you use LinkedIn
messaging? How do you increase your
acceptance rate like we just talked
about? And then most importantly, we
just broke this down today deep. How do
you get better at cold calling? How do
you break through the noise? How do you
handle objections and be confident? And
then we have live coaching sessions with
the team so that they can make sure that
they can get better at this as a whole.
So again, if you are a sales leader on
the call today, you're an STR, you're an
AE, this is something you absolutely
want to tap into. Uh this is for B2B
sales teams um at a 15 grand investment.
So this is something that again if you
want to tap into uh there will be in the
chat an assessment if you're like, "Hey,
this is something I want to dive into."
Even if you are a rep and you think this
is beneficial for your team, this is
something that you can tap into as well
that you can learn from us and
continuously get better, right? That's
going to be the goal. So, with that
being said, I hope that everyone has a
fantastic weekend, Friday, uh any
lasting thoughts, y'all, as we go into
the weekend, uh and then we'll wrap up.
>> Yeah. Have a great weekend and enjoy uh
enjoy them. Yeah, you have fun. I mean,
it's what we do Monday through Friday
for
>> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Hope you all
have a blessed weekend and and yeah,
y'all take this information, go execute,
and we'll see you on the next one. So,
>> thank you, Morgan. Absolutely. Cheers.
