Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Marcus Chan",
  "channel_name": "Marcus Chan",
  "video_id": "yvD_Z1s8JPM",
  "title": "Your Best Reps Keep Quitting. And It's Your Fault.",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvD_Z1s8JPM",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1243,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
I remember thinking that I trusted
myself more than I trusted the company.
I trusted my ability to do a good job
more than I trusted the company would
always put me in the right role with the
right pay, etc. It really was just this
kind of visceral fear like I felt it
down here that I needed to be in charge
of my success. Some of my leaders and
mentors were the folks that built the
business channel at T-Mobile and one day
they were just gone. And I'm sure they
had the reasons. It was part of a bigger
vision. But to me, I found some of those
departures shocking. And I didn't want
to be one of the people that was
shocked.
>> Hey, welcome back to the Revenue Vault.
I'm Marcus Shin, Wall Street Journal
bestselling author and CEO of Bentley
Consulting. Now, for about seven years
now, a friend of mine, Adam Morris, has
texted me the same question. Hey,
Marcus, where's my invite? Now, I'm
embarrassed to say I've known Adam for
well over a decade, but you know what?
100 plus episodes in to the revenue
vault, I finally came. So, here it is,
Adam. It took me long enough. Now,
here's the reality. All jokes aside,
Adam has earned it. Adam was a top 5%
rep at T-Mobile out of literally
hundreds and thousands of reps and then
walked away in 2012 to build sales first
recruiting. Now, thousands of searches
later, he places sales talent all the
way from the rep level all the way to
the executive level and nothing else.
So, he sees your hiring problems before
you do. Now, here's what I love. Adam
will tell a founder, a CEO, a CRO, a
head of sales, a VP of sales flat out
that their bad hires are system problems
in a costume. Now, by the end, you'll
know which of the three first hires you
need, how to spot a people problem
versus a process problem, and why your
turnover is probably on you. Let's get
into it. Hey, Adam, I'm so pumped to
have you on. Now, here's the thing. I
know before you started your business,
you were in the top 5% at T-Mobile as a
rep. Why walk away from all that in 2012
to start a recruiting firm? Well, first
let me say out of respect to the ample
talent and my peers at T-Mobile, pretty
often I would get to the top 5%. I was
always competing, but I was not just
sitting at the top for seven or eight
years every minute of the day. We had
gosh, we had like in mid-market we had
like 400 reps. I'm guessing in
enterprise we had like 200 reps or
something like that. So yes, there was a
group of us that were always fighting
for the top, but but there was lots of
folks that could beat me on any given
quarter, but to answer your question,
um, so I was there maybe seven or eight
years. I had seen all sorts of reorgs
and mergers. more importantly, failed
mergers. Um, I've seen layoffs and every
once in a while you see your senior VP
walking down the halls and they've got
two 19-year-old early grads from Harvard
and they've got pink highlighters and
um, you just always knew in the back of
your mind with a big corporation
like T-Mobile that one day your future
could be decided by somebody else. Now,
I had a kid at the time. Uh, my son
Jackson was probably 2 and a half and my
wife was pregnant and we had found out
that she was pregnant with twins.
And if you combine all those things, I
started to get worried. I started to
panic a little bit because I had one and
two on the way and I think the merger
with AT&T had just failed. Uh, I it
could be a little off time-wise, but I
remember thinking that I trusted myself
more than I trusted the company. I
trusted my ability to do a good job more
than I trusted the company would always
put me in the right role with the right
pay, etc. So, one day a really good
friend of mine who uh Marcus, you know,
his name was Chris Shadlock.
>> Um,
>> yeah, he ran
>> That's right. He ran West Coast Careers
up in Seattle and he had been bugging me
for a long time to franchise his company
in Portland. And so one day I just said
yes. And I went up and lived with him
for about two months. I ordered like a
$70 bunk bed from Walmart and had it
shipped to his house. and I lived in his
home office and left my super supportive
uh slightly upset wife at home with
three two infants and a toddler. Chris
taught me how to run an agency. The work
was not that much different than being a
sales rep. It's really just a a grind
and you apply the same skill set. You
just change a few things to be a
recruiter. And then a few uh years later
uh I bought out of the franchise
agreement and then I I made it an
independent agency Salesfirst. But Chris
Shabbach and I are still really close
friends.
>> Wow. I mean I just want to take a step
back Adam because
>> yeah was what I think is and actually
I've never heard this part of the story
which is actually kind of amazing right.
I mean so here you are consistently top
performer right a large organization.
You're making a great income. me the
great life. But not only that, not only
do you have like a young son now, your
your wife is pregnant.
Most people at that point, they're like,
I need to have that more. I need more
stability. I got like buckle. I need
those health benefits. I need all those
things. And then you you said, I'm going
to do the complete opposite of what most
people probably do. Hey, it's awesome.
It's a great life we have. I'm going to
say goodbye. I'm gonna leave my wife for
two months, move in with a friend in
like, you know, up north and learn this
whole new business while my my my wife's
at home with like basically three kids.
>> Yeah.
>> What gave you that courage to be able to
draw a line in Santa and make that move?
>> My wife was wondering the same thing.
She did not fully see the vision. Uh,
but she now agrees it was the right
move. But it really was just this kind
of visceral fear like I felt it down
here that
I needed to be in charge of my success.
And um now realistically I've had plenty
of friends who have been there for 20
plus years now, 25 years some of them.
And so um could I have stuck around and
been loyal to that company for decades?
Probably. They're absolutely amazing
organization. But there were also folks
who were shown the door where I was
legitimately surprised. Some of my
leaders and mentors were the folks that
built the business channel at T-Mobile
and one day they were just gone. And um
I'm sure they had their reasons and I'm
sure it was part of a bigger vision, but
to me I found some of those departures
shocking and I didn't want to be one of
the people that was shocked. And no,
there's other challenges I deal with as
an agency owner that I didn't have to
deal with as a a rep insulated by a
multi-billion dollar organization with
hundreds of thousands of employees.
Actually, maybe not hundreds of
thousands, tens of thousands, a lot,
>> but it was a good trade-off for me.
>> Hey, I want to pause on something before
we keep going here. Everything we have
been talking about, the leaders I see
get the biggest breakthroughs are the
ones who can actually quantify the size
of the problem before they try to fix
it. So, I built a free revenue leak
playbook to help with exactly that. The
calculator shows you the real dollar
cost of your current win rate and
pipeline gaps in a 30-day diagnostic and
a 30, 60, 90day action plan. So, if
you're running a B2B sales or with at
least five to 25 plus reps, go grab it.
Link is in the description below. Okay,
where were we? You know, I think it's I
mean, what's what's what's so cool,
right, is uh because you and I started
working together probably a little bit
after that time, right? Because I was I
was a sales manager. I needed people on
my team and you were you were a huge
part of of our success of being able to
find the right talent, help me grow the
team because I I had to do basically
rebuild and go on from there to other
roles too. But um it's been really cool
to see obviously your success, right?
This is like well over a decade later
and you have now done thousands of
searches.
>> So with that being said, in your
experience now because you've worked
with so many different organizations,
when do companies finally realize they
need a real sales hire versus like
shooting from the hip? Sure. So, let me
set a couple parameters. First, let's
talk about a founder-led company. Um,
and let me also say that uh I'll share
some patterns I've seen, but by no means
is this every situation,
>> but I think you might suspect that a
founder thinks, "We need more revenue. I
want to hire a sales rep." And that
happens. But I think more often than
not, one day a founder realizes that
they're the vital net. And sometimes
they're happy when they figure that out
and then sometimes it they uh they don't
want to believe that, but then they
finally come around to it. And it's
really common for a founder to want
control of their business because they
spend the first couple years just trying
to build systems that they can control
and they can get this business moving in
a direction. At a certain point, they're
going to realize that every deal
requires their involvement
and that is stopping them from building
out another part of the business that is
in need. could be operations, it could
be marketing, it could be anything. And
so if a founder is spending all of their
time selling, they start to have the
thoughts that they need somebody to help
them.
>> Yeah, you're so spot, right? Cuz I
remember I think my own business, right,
when as I started as a a solarreneur,
started hiring people and then in 2021
was my realization. I I was a huge B. I
actually remember the exact moment. I I
literally remember like because this is
like
>> co was kind of starting to wrap up a
little bit if you will u and you things
are opening back up and I remember it
was July 2021 and I basically had been
running with basically virtual assistant
just me
>> and I went to Hawaii uh Maui. It was our
first vacation like a year and a half
because of COVID right and I'm excited.
I'm like, this is the break two weeks.
>> And I go out there and it's amazing time
and I said, I'm not going to run any
sales calls. I'm not going to do any
business, right? I might just like kind
of work my team here and there, get some
stuff done, but I'm not going I'm not
going to really take any calls. And we
did half the revenue that month, over
half the revenue. And I was like, "Oh my
god, this is horrible. I'm such a I'm
I'm the bottleneck. I can't have this
happen. I cannot take vacations." Right?
So at that it was wild. So then at that
point then I we you know I I built out a
BDR team. I built an AE team on my team.
We we started scaling from there and
that following in 2022 you know we had a
banner year but and also like I had more
bandwidth. I could focus on other
products. I wrote a book it became a
Wall Street Journal bestseller. I can
start scaling other parts of the team.
It was it was a whole different like
world. I'm like oh wow. Now
what we see sometimes right and you kind
of mentioned this before right cuz you
had mentioned like that first sales hire
is so critical and you split them into I
think the shadow replacement and builder
right yeah first what is that and then
which one do leaders get wrong the most
and what's really the teller of
determining what's the best type of
person to hire
>> so a a shadow rep you might call a sales
assistant But I I really I slept on
those terms for about a week because
there are so many situations
and um I thought a shadow rep, not that
they're a shadowy figure, but they're
essentially there to shadow the owner.
But really, it's somebody who works
closely with the founder, who takes
stuff off of their plate, but doesn't
fully replace them on the client-f
facing side. And so, um, so you'll have
maybe a founder who has a certain way
they like to do things
and they don't want to pass that off to
somebody else. They just want somebody
to take parts of it off their plate so
they can continue to be the client-f
facing representative. So
>> they're almost like type of rep. Is that
how you kind of see it?
>> More often than not, it is
>> a more green. Yep. Got it. Yeah.
>> Yep. So that's what I call the shadow
rep.
>> A replacement rep is when a founder
hires somebody with the intent of that
person fully replacing the founder in a
sales capacity. And a builder is when a
founder says, "I actually need somebody
to do something more than replace me. I
need somebody to come in and build
systems, build a team because I need to
completely get out of sales." And I
could make probably a hundred
subcategories, but for the purpose of
this blog I wrote, those three were
sufficient. But I would say that leaders
what they get wrong most often is hiring
a replacement rep. And the reason for
that is because most founders actually
have a sales process, but it's not
documented.
And so they assume that that somebody
can come in and replicate
years of their own learned instincts.
And I think that is probably the most
common reason that the first sales hire
could fail in a founder business
>> is because the process falls apart when
the founder isn't in the room or the
process actually might go fine when the
founder isn't in the room but the
founder views it as failing because it's
not exactly how they do things.
>> Yeah.
>> A system isn't really a system unless
it's documented. And so,
uh, I don't I don't know what the
percentage is. Maybe, um, maybe 15 to
20% of our business is a founder company
hiring their first sales rep. It might
even be less than that. But I'll always
ask them, is your system documented? And
more often than not, it isn't. And I'll
I'll tell them if you really just want
to hire one person and you want them to
be an individual contributor, you don't
want to hand off too much
responsibility,
you really need to spend about a month
or so documenting everything you do, why
you do it.
>> And it doesn't need to be perfect, but
get something to a rep so they can start
executing the system that you built.
Because if you're just hoping they're
going to come in and do it the way
you've done it, it's just not going to
happen.
>> Yeah. You're so spawn, right? And and
and it's interesting because I think I
think I I had the benefit of running
sales teams for so long, right? So, even
even personally, I think myself in that
situation once I knew I was going to
basically bring some people onto my
team, you know, I literally built out
>> a 90-day playbook every single day,
every single exactly what to do, the
exact process, documents, step by step,
exactly what to say, who do we go after,
everything I knew ramp up, right, to
even what we do even ongoing, right? So
it was and we actually built out and
recorded a whole online course and
modules and systems and checkpoints and
there was a high level accountability
but like because we did that right like
my new hires were producing within a
couple weeks they were already producing
booked meetings and we started closing
deals within the first month right
because I had that benefit of doing that
versus I've se I've seen that happen
with other organizations where it's a
founder trying to make that transition
there's no real proven system and the
new hireer comes in they basically they
don't perform that same level and the
founder just basically has to get rid of
them after a few months, right? Wasting
all that time and energy, right? So on
the flip side, let's just say for
example, I'm sure you see this too,
right? There are some some orgs where
maybe it's the CEO or the founder, they
have kind of scaled up to five or 10
reps, okay? What type of hire should
they hire at that point? How do they
know which hire to hire? cuz I've also
seen it where they sometimes they could
they might hire a shadow replacement or
builder even those or the wrong ones
potentially even that that stage and
they've just had really atrocious
turnover and they they just continue to
kind of almost like throw people into
the mix kind of hope that solves the
problem. So if they're in a situation
like that what should they do first or
who should they hire that type of
situation? Oh man, it's so contextual
because um let's say you let's say you
run a services company like CentOS where
you need uh feet on the street and you
need to get in front of your people
>> uh your constituents. Mhm.
>> I would say a getting a builder, right?
And it's not it's not that difficult to
find somebody who has run a team of reps
who who manage a territory actively. Um
the but let's say let's say that you
have a very unique product or service
where um your service is very valuable
at a very unique time but it has no
value at another time. For example, if
you were a law firm, um let's say that
there is somebody who gets a du DUI,
probably
they're going to call their attorney and
they're going to call repeatedly until
they get a call back because they're
scared and they need help right away.
But now imagine that your attorney calls
you and they're like, "Hey, uh gotten
any dewies lately or
>> they're be like, "Whoa, whoa, what are
you talking about?
So, so, so, so that would be that would
be a uh type of business with a unique
need, a unique value. Yeah.
>> Whereas CentOS to a certain extent
provides sort of a commodity. It's a
service that that
>> that needs to uh
>> help a customer year round. So, it's
different in every situation.
>> How much you want to hire at that stage,
right? You got five, 10 reps. you're
like and you just been churning people
so you don't really know what's wrong
but you're like I think we're kind of
doing okay but maybe the average rep
proivity is not that great
>> and usually I find they're probably
hiring the wrong person or maybe have
the wrong they don't systems in place so
how do you know which one to actually
hire
>> so I talk a lot about yeah so I talk a
lot about founders being honest with
themselves
>> if a founder wants a lifestyle business
where they want to make a certain amount
of money and have a business that is
very manageable to them, that is a
fantastic goal. As long as they're
honest about what they want and it's not
different from what they state, then
they're good to go and they can they can
hire any one of those and be fine. And
so it might be that that the seller says
or the founder says, you know what, I am
really really good at selling
>> and I like selling. I don't want to be
involved in operations, but I just want
somebody to handle some of the details
because I'm not very detail oriented.
>> Then you can hire a shadow rep or a
sales assistant and be absolutely good
to go forever.
>> And even if there's some turnover, that
might be okay with them because maybe
it's not that difficult to
>> train somebody up and maybe they expect
somebody to move on to bigger and better
things and they root for that person
their whole career. Um,
but now if they're looking for a
replacement rep or a builder and you
start having turnover there,
that's where you start really having to
look at the patterns and stop looking at
the person that that moved on. And
I think it's also if you hear a founder
blame a rep for not doing something the
right way, if you hear that repeatedly,
uh if you see bunch of bad glass door
reviews or if your existing team hears
you badmouth previous employees, that's
something we pay attention to. There's a
book that we all read here. It's one of
my favorite books of all time. It's
called Extreme Ownership
>> by Jaco Willick. And um the big message
of that book is that
if you are blaming others, you've
already lost. If everything is your
fault, then you're going to win.
>> Y
>> and so when a rep does something wrong
or when a rep leaves,
you should say, "Whoa, what was not
right here? then I need to adjust so
that we can improve this company the
next time we hire somebody. And when a
rep leaves, if you can get an exit
interview
and you can ask them say, "Hey, I am
totally fine with you leaving. I'm
legitimately sorry it didn't work out
for you here. What can I do differently
to make sure the next person is
successful?" If you can get that
meeting, do it and really heed their
advice because
and and by the way, the rep may not have
the perfect answer. Um, but if you can
spot patterns and fix it, you're just
going to get better and better and
better and you can accept the fact that
this turnover happened for a reason and
adjust it and move on.
>> Yeah, I think I see this all the time,
right? where it's really easy just to
blame, you know, this is whether it's
it's a founder high in their first hire
or if they're their scale on the team,
but they they see consistently a lot of
turnover on their team. I think I always
it's always it's the rep's fault. They
didn't do this, they didn't do that,
they weren't a culture fit, right? So
easy to point the finger, right? And
you've written in the past that usually
if they're consistently struggling, they
have the high turnover, it's usually
like a systems problem in disguise. What
do you mean by that exactly?
A lot of it's going to go back to the
documentation and sometimes you might
have a great system and maybe you have a
really good rep who doesn't actually fit
that system that well and I think it's
totally fair game to to exit that
person, but I think it's also fair game
to let that person make adjustments that
fits their style a little better. Um, I
don't know.
I didn't really see that at bigger
corporations like T-Mobile. I don't know
if you saw that at Cintas. I think
companies that have invested millions
into their systems, like these big
organizations, are probably more likely
to say, "Look, we got our system for a
reason, and if you don't fit it, feel
free to move on. No hard feelings." And
I think that is totally fair in the
world of business and sales. But if you
are a smaller organization and you feel
like you have some real talent and
somebody wants to do things just a
little bit differently, I think it's
okay to make some exceptions and see how
it works out. Um,
but yeah, a lot of it is is
documentation or maybe just holes that
you didn't realize exist. Maybe the
handoff from sales to operations needs
to be better and more complete. or maybe
you need to take things off of your
rep's plate. Um that is one thing I see
a lot of by the way is um reps are being
asked to do so much and let's take a
CRM. Let's take Salesforce for example.
I think it's smart that a company have a
CRM and I think reps should do the best
job they can in there, but man, I also
see reps be absolutely hindered by
putting in obscene amounts of data that
are meant to pad the stats of a of a
sales leader
>> um when in fact it doesn't really help
the rep.
>> Y
>> and so if you can take things off of
your rep's plate and look for holes in
the process, you might find that sales
will go up. Maybe you need to get a rev
ops person. Maybe you need to get a
sales coordinator to help reps get that
stuff done. But um if you're constantly
blaming your reps, it's not the reps.
>> Yeah, 100%. I see this all the time.
It's always it's a constant blaming of
the reps
>> and sometime it's like either the
systems are broken, right? And I always
think back it's usually a systems issue,
right? For example, we were working with
a client and they were they wanted to
fire their whole sales team because they
weren't they weren't performing, right?
and they were doing more of like an
enterprise type of sales. So, it's
complex, multiple stakeholders, long
sales cycle and and I took a look at
their team and they had hired good
people, right? But majority of the
background of those people were like
SDRs.
So, here you have
>> Yeah. So, you have these really good
people and some of them were Yes, they
were enterprise SDRs, but like they they
knew how to generate pipeline. That's
kind of what they were they had already
proven in their process,
>> but they didn't know how to run a
complex sales. So there's like a
mismatch in like what the talent on the
team and the requirements of the job and
when you when you think you take a step
back there's like many multiple like
system broke broken system issues like
number one what's their hiring process
look like obviously it wasn't designed
to hire for the right person they need
that big issue right and then of course
there was no real onboarding then there
was real no training and development
support and then there was no real
coaching from their leader you know so
like there's all these issues they kind
of broke down but the but what they kept
doing was throwing money and bodies at
the problem and wondering why what is
wrong with all these people it's just
bad is this a bad market out there right
so I think it's all it's that point that
you mentioned where that self honesty is
so vital otherwise you might just
continue to throw money at a problem
with a huge you know bunch of leaks you
know on the bottom right now as we talk
about like you know even like that
leadership component right a lot of
times I find is this the CEO or the
founder, they're trying to think like,
hey, when should I hire maybe my first
sales leader? So maybe they have a
handful of reps and they're thinking
about the sales leader or something I've
also seen where they want the first hire
to be a sales leader. What do you
recommend in situations like that? Like
how do you how do they know when to hire
their first true sales leader? They have
to be ready to actually give authority
to somebody rather than just give tasks
to somebody.
Once they feel comfortable with that,
they're probably ready. But even more
than being comfortable with that, they
really have to sit and think through
what stuff a sales leader is able to
approve on their own and what stuff
they're not.
And I think it would be really smart to
have their sales leader meet with
operations leaders and say, "What are my
parameters?
If I approve this,
is it going to hurt what you're doing or
is it going to help what you're doing?"
And so if a founder has a sales leader,
they really should say they really
should make the commitment. I'm going to
give it a year or two where I I give
them the authority to make the decisions
they need to make, but here are my
boundaries. And so I want you before you
make any decision, I want you to get
sign off of your peer over here. And if
if you guys believe this is good
business, go for it. And if you need
anything additional, you can come to me.
But the worst thing that could happen is
that you hamstring your leader by
continuing to be the bottleneck.
>> And if you say, "Well, I really just
want you training the reps." That that
could be problematic. If so, you should
just get a sales trainer. But if
somebody comes on board to your company
and they believe that they're going to
have real the real ability to lead a
team, they should have the real
authority to lead the team, too.
>> Sometimes I walk the owner through that
and ask them what sorts of things need
approval, right? Like let's take
manufacturing for example. I could
completely understand how a sales leader
could sign some deal that that loses
money, right? at Cintas. I could totally
see that happen. Um,
with us here at Sales First,
my recruiters and my recruiting managers
have certain concessions that they are
allowed to make without ever consulting
me and it's really clearly written in
all of our documentation. And then there
is a threshold that I say before you
give this concession you really got to
come to me because we have to look at
all these different areas. So I would
say that is when a founder knows they're
ready when either they already have that
information in their head. They know
when they need to be consulted when they
don't. Or they're comfortable with the
fact that they need to build something
like that. But then they need to get out
of the sales leader way. That's easier
said than done because
I would say a lot of founders
want the control
more than they want the results. Once
they can get past that, things open up
quite a bit for them. Even though
there's, you know, potentially some risk
there too. Well, I think that's such a
great point and I think it it builds on
the same same principle where it's like
what you're talking about what you have
in place right now for your even your
organization you have rules of engage
that's part of the system of ensuring
everyone knows the what the selling
rules are what's the rules of engagement
so they know the sandbox right hey
here's the sandbox
>> you can play within this right and that
way they everyone feels good the CEO
founder feels really good that exec
feels really good everyone's on the same
page there's an alignment of
expectations right Now I think it's I
think it was great. Now sometimes I see
when they're hiring their first sales
leader. There's a big difference between
hiring say like a VP of sales who is a
builder. Okay who hasn't built
everything and is al versus the one
who's only really maintained.
So what really separates the difference
between those two and why is that
important? When you say maintain, do you
mean account managers or do you mean
people who fit into an existing system
elsewhere? They never actually built the
system.
>> Exactly that. Exactly that.
>> Okay.
>> I would probably say that a builder is
wired differently. The titles wouldn't
matter. History comes into play if
they've already built something that
there's a certain safety net there. But
if you have somebody who is naturally
good at spotting inefficiencies and
naturally good at spotting opportunities
and they're willing to do the grunt work
while building a strategy,
I would say those are the three to four
things that actually define a builder.
Um, and it's hard because one day you
might have to really sit and do a SWAT
analysis and then if the phone rings and
and now you have to go full steam ahead
on handling this inbound lead that you
see as an opportunity or this person
might go to the founder one day and say,
"Boy, we have a real issue here. our
handoffs to operations are terrible and
we need to fix this. I'm going to have
this done within the next three weeks.
So, it's really just wiring. And
actually, I think that's where a lot of
these personality assessments come in.
Personally, we like the CVI over here,
the core values index. But honestly, I
think they're all pretty darn good. If
any of them have been around and have
been refined, you know, the disc, the
culture index, there's a million of
them. If you can find one that you like
and you can really sit down with
somebody and start talking about the
ideal profile in this ecosystem,
I think that could really help you find
a builder rather than a maintainer. Like
how do you know which one you need? Let
me give you example, right? And I think
I think this is something a lot of
people don't think about, right? I mean,
for example, I got a client very
successful business, right? All right.
They, you know, they they do like, you
know, 20 30 million a year. They have a
sales team, it's like 15 people. Um, and
they've kind of just gone through like
just non-stop BPs of sales run the ORC.
It's just like just in and out. And even
their most recent one, you know, like
they they found they CEO, you know,
pulled me aside was like, "Hey, what's
your gauge?" Because once we started
working, what's your gauge on this VP of
sales? And uh, can I share there's some
pink flags that I had saw, right? And
then he started to tell me other things.
He's like, "Yeah." He's like, "Turns out
like this." Like we they actually needed
a builder is what they needed, right?
Even though they they looked successful,
they had already built up, but like
there was just stuff there like they're
like just building the plans, they're
flying it still, right? And they really
need someone to kind of systemize and
and just have a really full full-blown
system put in place for everything from
hiring, training, development, coaching,
etc., right? And putting other leaders
in place. And it turns out this person
had only been a maintainer. So he's
already integrated a system. he was able
to have success doing that because he
had all these other things, you know? So
like he almost had like horse blinders
on if you will of only just like
maintaining versus they needed really a
builder, right? So I think about a
client like that in hindsight, what
could maybe that CEO or founder looked
at first to realize who do I need to
hire as a right person, a builder or
maintainer? So I think if you have a
frontline leader, somebody who is
directly leading the people who are in
the field dealing with the customers
directly,
depending on what you need, you could be
fine with a builder or a maintainer. If
you already have a refined process and
you just need somebody to come in and
enforce activity and do coaching
and just hold reps accountable, a
maintainer is probably fine.
>> I think where you start
really having to make sure you need a
builder is when you have your first
leader
and or you have a second line or third
line leader, a leader who is leading
other leaders.
Those folks are going to be behind a
desk more often than a frontline leader.
And they have to sit and they have to
focus on revenue operations. They have
to work with marketing and operations.
it's their job to have a vision for the
sales channel. And so if you have a
really big organization and let's go
back to um I'll go back to T-Mobile and
Satasa. I'm sure those organizations are
structured similarly where you have
frontline leaders. They're typically
called sales managers. Then you have a
director of sales who oversees a group
of sales managers. And then you normally
have as a VP of sales who oversees a
group of directors. And with each
movement toward the back, and I believe
in a backto-front organization, not a
bottom to top,
those folks
have to continue to
build the channel and make it unique and
they have to continue to keep it
relevant.
And
I would I hope that answers your
question. Um
because if you have a VP of sales and
they're only concerned about KPIs,
um I would be concerned. I think the VP
of sales, their job is to make sure that
everyone else is fully enabled to kick
butt in sales.
>> Yeah, 100%. I mean, I think when you
take a step back, I mean, really a CEO,
founder who's listening to this and
they're trying to scale their org,
right? If they had the goals, they could
really scale that or that self honesty
of exactly where we're at right now and
what we need to get to the next level is
so vital because then that really
determines like who do we actually need
to hire? Like can we just like
>> get a maintainer? Cool. That's great. We
hire a maintainer. They just keep the
wheels on the bus and make it just they
basically get improved over time.
>> But the builder, right, like I would say
I would argue those are a really good
builder is actually harder to find,
right? argue that in a sense of a lot of
times eventually those builders once
they realize how good they are they
start their own business they're like
what am I doing I mean I was a builder
right
>> I get that a lot that's that's what end
up happening right so I think that self
honesty is so so key right and speaking
of self honesty right like when there's
a leader who keeps hiring you know good
reps who basically stall out when is it
not a hiring problem at all let me think
about this So if a founder
keeps on having turnover,
when is it a systems problem or company
problem
>> essentially? Yeah.
>> Yeah. So one failed rep could be the
rep.
Multiple failed reps usually indicate a
business problem. But if I go back to
extreme ownership, if a good founder
practices that,
then those problems will dissipate over
time. And I also would tell a founder
not to be too tough on themselves
if they're having these problems,
but they're open to fixing it. If
they're not open to fixing it, I will
typically take a step back and fade away
a little bit. We had some clients, we
had a client, they reached out to us and
needed a lot of help. The owner was
highly involved uh and in my opinion was
a little bit volatile and
they were always bad mouthing everyone
on their team. And that was red flag
number one. We had somebody get an offer
and they had to go through the
background check before the offer was
made. And the background check included
getting references from their existing
leaders at their company.
>> And um I pointed out that is uncommon
and very risky.
>> Yeah.
>> And um and the founder lashed out at me
and told me that they're not that that
they've been doing background checks for
20 plus years and that I'm not going to
tell them they can't do background
check. And I said, "No, no, no.
Absolutely do a background check, but
give a conditional offer. say, "I'm
making you an offer, and once you
accept, we're going to do a background
check, and if that goes well, then it'll
be finalized." I was like, "That's
actually pretty common."
>> Um,
>> yeah, but it's not common
>> to have that background check, reach out
to your existing leader. That that's
very risky. And somebody has
responsibilities in their life, they're
going to say no to that.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> I was shown the door after that
conversation.
And to this day, that company still has
insanely high turnover and has a lot of
trouble hiring people.
>> And so that's the kind of founder we
stay away from.
>> And that is a founder who does not
accept responsibility. But if you have a
founder that says,
>> "Marcus, I need help because we're doing
something wrong. All these reps leave
and I don't want them to leave." And if
you point out all these things they're
doing wrong and they say thank you, boy,
you've got a good business there because
down the line they're going to be fixed
>> 100%.
>> Other problems will pop up, but they fix
those, too. Like, so if if an owner
says, "I'm not perfect. My company is
not perfect, and I'm totally okay with
that. I just want to get better every
day." Boy, that is a winning
organization. And that's how most
companies actually are. Like we don't do
everything right, but when we identify a
problem, we get a little committee
together and fix it.
>> Yeah. 100%.
>> And if Yeah. And if I have an idea and
people don't like it, I want to hear why
they don't like it. Sometimes they're
right and sometimes they're overrule
them. But that is really important.
>> If you want to have an organization that
lasts and if you want to have the kind
of life you want, if you're just want if
you just want to face the same problems
every single day and not change it,
that's going to be a rough road for you.
Now you're you're so spot on, right? To
build a durable organization. And and I
would even argue you need that up and
down the chain, right? So it's not just
like that founder, that CEO. It's like
every level you're working with, you
need that level of openness and
coachability to be able to look in the
mirror and be okay with that and make
some pivots, right? It's funny because
as you're saying that, I'm like I'm
like, "Yeah, you know what? Like we've
had some people that we basically turn
down as clients for that reason, you
know, because I'm like why are we going
to work with you guys if you're not
willing to deploy what we're going to
recommend? It just becomes a waste of
resources, right? Or sometimes we say,
hey, we you shouldn't do this. For
example, like sometimes they want us to
come train their team. But I'm like,
well, you have other systemic issues we
need to work on first, like your
leadership is not dialed, your systems
aren't dialed, we should fix those first
before we talk to the reps because
doesn't matter we train the reps.
Everything around the system is broken.
It's not going to it's not going to hold
in place. Now, we've covered a lot of
ground today. What didn't I ask you that
we should have talked about?
>> I'll tell you what I believe is the
number one issue in recruiting
here in 2026.
>> And I don't know if anyone's going to
care about this, but I still believe
>> I want to hear because I'm a firm
believer people who are in your
industry, you get the front lines of
seeing how the market is shifting across
the board. You can see hiring pattern
what companies are doing. you can you
see the shift before it shows up in the
stock market.
>> Um, ever since 2020
we have been in a little bit of like a
rubber band market and every year
we experience a shift in the market and
so the rubber band is bouncing and maybe
it's starting to settle a little bit
now. It seems like each year the market
doesn't know what it wants to be. And
because of that,
employers are sometimes a little shy of
pulling the trigger. They don't know if
they want extra headcount. They're
afraid it could dilute sales for their
other team. It could cost them more
money when not enough revenue is going
to come in. So, those are legitimate
fears.
But the number one issue I see is that
employers are waiting too long to pull
the trigger. And I would much rather
them have a robust tough hiring process
and then pull the trigger immediately
when someone makes it through
>> than him and Haw.
>> Just last week, we had two employers who
said, "I think I'm ready to hire this
candidate." and we say, "Oh, they're
gone."
>> Yeah.
>> And and they find themselves
upset. Sometimes they're upset with us
and we tell them, "You have got to be
decisive."
>> And if you need a lot of folks in the
process to bet these people, that's
totally fine, too. But lay it out ahead
of time, right?
>> Let them know it's going to be tough.
Let them know what it's going to take to
get the job. But when they're done, you
got to make that offer, and you got to
do it fast. Because if you stall the
momentum, you've just lost it. It's you
have to keep the momentum in the
process. There is a certain amount of
excitement and there's a journey that
the candidates believe they have to go
through that feels normal to them and if
they don't have that, they're going to
accept at a place where there is one. I
think that's that is so insightful,
right? And it's interesting, right?
Because I I've called it omission bias,
right? which is it feels safer to not
make a decision than to make a decision.
>> Yeah.
>> And so they get stalled out, right? And
usually I talk about from a a sales
perspective, right? Like you know
customers they want if they want to
derisk everything, right? And but the
cost as we see here, especially in the
world of talent, we're talking about
human capital management here. We're on
a war on talent, which really determines
thems organization. The slower you play
that move, the longer it takes to
actually your father my person, right?
And you also lose great talent in the
same in the same situation. It's the
same thing with like putting systems in
place. If you know you need to hire
people and you put some systems in place
so they can stay and be great, it's like
the longer you take to do these things,
the more it costs you in the long run
and in in in the in between. So super
impactful. Now, um, amazing conversation
today. Okay, I know a lot of leaders out
there listening to this, whether they're
a CEO, a founder, a CRO, sales VP, if
they want to learn more about you, if
they want to get some help, find some
gradea top talent, whether it's at the
rep level, at the leadership level,
executive level, where can people find
more find you and learn more about what
you do?
>> The number one place to find us is via
our website at salesfirstrecruiting.com.
We are commonly called Salesforce
recruiting uh which is not us u they're
slightly bigger um with billions more in
revenue but not
>> yeah sales first recruiting we focus
exclusively on client-f facing talent
and so sales reps sales leaders and
sales support
>> beautiful
>> and so and Marcus the reason for that is
Because truthfully, I'm a one-trick pony
over here. If we were recruiting
scientists
and they say, "Yeah, yeah, we we totally
know how to mix those chemicals," I
would just have to take their word for
it. But, but if a candidate tells me
what their KPIs are, what their activity
is, and then they tell me what their
closing percentage and revenue is, I'm
going to know if something is fishy. And
my recruiters that stick around 10 years
at a time now, they know it too. And so
pretty darn good at recruiting the right
talent who is honest about their
strengths and honest about their
weaknesses and then placing them in the
right roles for them to succeed. So
that's a wrap on this episode of the
Revenue Vault. Now, if you got value,
here's your next step. One, go to
venleyconsulting.com/teams
and get a free performance scan of your
sales or we'll show you exactly where
deals are stol and how to fix it. The
link is also below in the show notes. Or
if you prefer to first self diagnose,
download our free revenue link
diagnostic kit below and pinpoint
exactly where deals are stalling and
what to fix. And of course, if this
episode gave you even one insight worth
sharing, send it to a sales leader you
respect. Hey, I'm Marcus Shan and thanks
so much for joining us in the vault.
