Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Marcus Chan",
  "channel_name": "Marcus Chan",
  "video_id": "JS4Yte-sylk",
  "title": "How This Sales Team Lost $35M Despite 80% Win Rate",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JS4Yte-sylk",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1913,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
one clock conservatively over $35
million [music] leaking out their
business. This is a pretty good size
sales about 100 plus salespeople. This
exact was very confident in their
[music] team skills. He was like, "Hey
Marcus, the team has an 80% plus win
rate. They're absolutely crushing it."
When I started to dive into numbers,
their disco to close rate was about
[music] 8%.
Half my managers shouldn't be managers.
And I realized very quickly I needed to
have a developmental plan put in place
long-term wise to develop my future reps
into that. And so if I just assumed
walking like, okay, this is the playbook
I do with my sales team. I can just go
do the same thing. I would have failed
horribly. I had 110 reps and I still got
in the field at least twice a week. So I
would see at minimum six live sales
calls in person in the field. Was it
hard? Absolutely. to make sure that time
cuz there's so many other competing
priorities, right? But it was some of
the most valuable time I spent [music]
took over that market at a 50% turnover.
Went from 50% down to 17%.
>> [music]
>> Can you hear one?
>> Hey, welcome back to the Revenue Vault.
I'm Marcus Shan, Wall Street Journal
bestselling author and CEO of Venley
Consulting. Now, today is a different
kind of episode. Usually I run the
interviews on this show and today I'm in
the guest chair. And the guy who grilled
me is the same guy who first hired me in
2011, Travis Smith. Now Travis ran a
nine figure sales work, hit top 1% as a
rep, manager and a director and a VP.
He's had 100 people report up through
him. He's personally had over a thousand
sales people in his career. So when he
asked him flip the chair and to grill
me, I said yes. So here's exactly what
you're going to walk away with in the
next hour. The exact diagnostic that
found over $35 million leaking out of
one client's pipeline. The two-month
flip that took me from the worst rep on
the team to number one 2007. The perfect
week breakdown a sales manager can
install literally on Monday. And the one
move every exec makes when they miss a
number that almost always makes it
worse. Let's dive in.
>> Marcus, you've installed your system
with over 700 clients. You've seen win
rates increase by 25% and you've seen
average deal size up 28%. So take me to
the most expensive revenue leak that
you've ever found in a client's
pipeline.
>> Yeah. So one client obviously not going
to name their name. Uh we broke it down
to at minimum low and conservatively
over $35 million leaking out of their
their business. And what's really
interesting is this is a pretty good
size sales or work as you can imagine
about 100 plus salespeople. Now this
leader this uh this exact was very
confident in their team skills. I mean
he was like hey Marcus the team has like
an 80% plus win rate. They're absolutely
crushing it. Like we want to build out a
whole BDR function. We want to hire a
whole BDR team, put a BDR leader in and
we want to get more pipeline in and
really drive that number. And what was
crazy, I said, "Hold on, before we go
and do that, because that's going to
cost or literally millions of dollars to
go do, let me look at all the numbers."
And I wrote I wrote some of these
numbers down because I thought it was
really really interesting. So, for
example, when I start to dive into
numbers, their discovery show up rate
was about 76%. That's fine.
>> Disco demo rate was 50%. Okay? Their
demo show up rate is 80%.
>> Their demo to proposal rate was 22%. So
they have a demo
>> only 22% convert to even proposal
proposal close was 88%. So that was kind
of their win rate they were claiming.
>> So when I took a look at their disco to
close rate it was about 8%.
>> 8%. And when we took the overall
compounding effect is over $35 million.
Now, what was really wild was I took a
look at if we could just fix even just
the disco closed win rate go from like 8
to 21%. That would increase the rep pro
from 200k rep to well over double that
right and this is without hiring people
without hiring a whole BDR team. This is
like not even including like helping
them improve driving their average deal
size which is about 12 and a halfk
because they're they sold a whole suite
of solutions but reps are just selling
one or two things taking an order right
>> so it was pretty crazy so if we if I
took a look at everything in terms of
like well if we can sell more products
and services inside give the team better
skill even just driving the win rate to
just a conservative 20 22% I mean it
would drive an additional 70 million
plus into their business without hiring
more people.
>> And it's wild because I think a lot of
organizations when they look at their
business, they're often solving for the
wrong problem. They're solving for
what's on easy mode, which is let's get
more pipeline. Let's just throw more
bodies of the problem, hoping that
solves the core problem. But you and I
both know that's like having a bucket
with big leaks in it.
>> Yeah.
>> You pour a ton up top, but so much is
already leaking out that you're actually
hurting your margins by just throwing,
you know, bodies at the problem. Yeah.
Do you see that a lot? Uh throwing
bodies uh versus really taking a look at
what's going on
>> all the time. I mean, that's that's like
the the easy mode, which is like we
throw some bodies out, we hire maybe
more reps. Like, okay, let's say, for
example, if they have rep productivity,
it's called 500k per rep. Well, okay,
you know what? If we hire 10 reps, you
know, as an extra, you know, 5 million
bucks. It seemed like simple math, but
as you and I both know, then we take in
consideration ramp time, onboarding time
to even get them productive to that
point of even the average baseline, it
takes a lot longer, right?
>> Versus understanding, hey, what's
where's money leaking out? What are the
core constraints of our business right
now? And what can we focus on solving
first that maybe may lead to short-term
like not the results we want right now,
but long-term wise, the upside is up,
you know, is exponential.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, that's great. I want to
back up a little bit and take you back
to to Marcus, the sales rep.
>> Yeah. Yes. Yes.
>> So, let's talk about when you were not a
good sales rep.
>> Yes.
>> I remember those times.
>> Worst rep on the team for seven weeks.
Manager calls you in
>> and we're on a performance improvement
plan.
>> So, uh but from that time period in the
matter of two months,
>> you became the number one rep. Yeah. So,
what changed?
>> Well, um it's simple. I think the first
thing that changed was I took full
ownership and that was probably the
first and hardest step to actually do
because uh I told myself a lot of
stories. I said, "Hey, you know, my
manager wasn't training me. Um I didn't
get any coaching support. They never in
the field with me. Uh the market was
really bad." So this is 2007. So the
economy is starting to starting to tank.
So lally business really shutting doors
and like boarding up windows around me.
Unemployment was was approaching 10%.
>> Yeah. I I I was a firm believer I had
the worst territory. I'm like, "Hey, you
know what? Like, everyone else has like
eight zip codes. I have four zip codes.
I have half the prospects, I believe, in
the worst part of Portland, Oregon. Uh
these these are all going against me."
So, the first step was like I had to
stop blaming. Like that was the first
step of really having to take ownership.
I remember sitting down with my
girlfriend now wife complaining about
all those things I mentioned and she
says okay so now what I'm like I just
told you all my friends she's like yeah
but can you really control those things
I'm like well you know it's like can you
control those things I'm like yeah I
guess you're right can't so that was the
first step really taking full ownership
and accountability and really admitting
to myself because I'm not where I need
to be is Is it possible? I lack the
skills to get to where I need to go. And
that's first realization. And that's
where I started to really delve deeply
into really look in the mirror and
realize, you know what, like if it is to
be, it's up to me. So taking that
ownership and say, okay, you know what?
If I'm not going to get trained, I'm
going to go get training. If I'm get
coached, I'm going to go get coaching.
So I started looking for external
resources. It started simple like
getting books, then finding sales
coaches, going to events, and really
focusing on working on myself and
improving myself. What I just didn't
realize at that point was I was simply
wasn't good enough. And that's a really
hard pill to swallow, especially where I
had felt in the past, I've been
relatively successful in other roles,
maybe not in corporate jobs, but in
other roles where I kind of worked hard,
I thought was pretty good. And to get to
a point where in sales as you know that
number looks that zero looks at you
every single day that goose egg you
start to lose that self-worth that
feeling and it's hard to say to look in
the mirror like it's my fault but that's
where it starts I take ownership first
and from there was I able actually start
to make shifts and improve my game and
when I started doing that I started
doing the right things every single day
targeting properly having better sales
conversations qualifying better becoming
better at sales, becoming better at
presenting, better handling objections.
It became a realization of like, okay, I
can optimize this like anything else.
Optimize my life. But it starts
realizing I'm not good enough right now.
Hey, I want to pause on something before
we keep going here. Everything we have
been talking about, the leaders I see
get the biggest breakthroughs are the
ones who can actually quantify the size
of the problem before they try to fix
it. So, I built a free revenue leak
playbook to help with exactly that. The
calculator shows you the real dollar
cost of your current win rate and
pipeline gaps in a 30-day [music]
diagnostic and a 30 60 90-day action
plan. So, if you're running a B2B sales
or with at least five to 25 plus reps,
go grab it. [music] Link is in the
description below. Okay, where were we?
>> No, that's [snorts] great. I think that
self-awareness is is one of the things
that's really hard to instill or help
help develop into people.
>> Um I was told early on you can have
reasons or results but you can't have
both.
>> That's right.
>> And so one of the questions that I
started asking was you know I guess so I
understand all those reasons and what
are the reasons and ways we can be
successful. So if we're going to say all
the reasons why it's not working, let's
talk about the reasons how it can work.
And I think sounds like you're able to
develop that.
>> Yeah. Oh 100%. What's interesting is
like um I remember coming across a book
at the time called Awaken the Giant
Within by Tony Robbins
>> and he said if you don't like the answer
ask a better question and what I
realized was I had subprogramming that
would kick in when something would
happen. I would get off a cold call get
my teeth smashed in and naturally my
brain goes what's wrong with you Marcus
and I would say oh that prospect is an
absolute jerk. that are the absolute
worst. You know, you know, you're
horrible at your job, right?
>> And I learned I need to write different
questions for myself. So, I start asking
questions like, what can I learn from
this? What can I do better?
>> How can I approach this situation
differently so I get a better outcome? I
remember even at that point, Travis, you
can appreciate this. To train my brain
to start thinking that way, I had a
little post-it note that wrote questions
like that on, taped to my monitor to
remind myself in my car visor, same
thing, taped next to my mirror. So that
way if I had a rough cold call, I got,
you know, yelled out on a, you know, in
an in-person cold call or chewed out, I
go to my car, I flip the visor down, I
look at the question, I'm like, what can
I learn from this? Yeah.
>> And I force myself to train and retrain
myself so I can look at situations in a
solutionoriented way versus blaming
other people and taking zero ownership.
>> Yeah. And rewiring your thought process
that takes practice. It takes pra it
takes practice to to feel the what
ownership and taking responsibility
feels like.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And so that that's uh those little
reminders are really important. I want
to talk about personal development. You
mentioned a little bit,
>> but I remember you telling me when I
interviewed you that you had uh invested
I believe it was $8,000 on a credit
card.
>> Yes.
>> Uh to go to some personal development
work. I think it was a Tony Robbins
event. That's right.
>> What did you learn from there that you
wouldn't have learned by reading a book?
>> Yeah. Proximity is power. Proximity is
power.
>> And what's really interesting is um and
it it sounds so cheesy, right? But when
you but like when you go to these events
and I really didn't know what to expect,
by the way, right? I mean, here I am
spending $8,000 over multiple credit
cards. Money I did not have. All right.
To get some motivation to hopefully be a
little different and gets fired up,
whatever, right? Um but it was a
reaffirmation some of those principles I
already learned through some of his
books. But what happens is in the
proximity of other people you hear their
stories
>> and where they came from the challenges
they they that they've gone through
>> but also you also hear about their
excitement in the future and you meet
other people of like mind like like of
like mine. It motivates you inspires
you. Like I think about it's kind of
like this like if especially in today's
time like if you want to build a a big
tech company where most people go
Silicon Valley why because of proximity
to people doing the same thing around
you the big drive and that's why some of
the biggest companies in the world right
Uber you know Airbnb and what they're
right in the heart of Silicon Valley
>> and that is something I realized over
time that proximity is power so going to
that event and being around likeminded
people who want to become better and
wanted to grow that it it was a
reaffirmation to that point that um Jim
Ro said which is you were the average of
five people spend the most time with and
suddenly that was a big shift. It was a
shift of like being in that environment
but then you can take that same
proximity and you take it outside of
that. So okay, how can I create my own
proximity now in my own life,
>> right? And I realized at the time I was
actually hanging out all the people who
are not performing
>> and what did they all talk about? They
complain. They complain about the
company, the proms, etc. And it was the
same thing. And it was this weird cycle.
And and I started to realize, I'm like,
man, what would happen if I just talk
with top performers, right? Like if I if
I hang out with four people who are
great at golf, I'll become the fifth
person. If I hang out with four people
with six-packs, I'll be the fifth
person. If I hang out with four people
who are wealthy, I'll be the fifth
person. On the flip side, hang out with
four broke people, I'll be the fifth
one. Hang out with four people out of
shape, I'll be the fifth one. And I
realized that was so key. And even when
you talk back to proximity, it's like
it's not just the people, it's like
everything. And when you go to one of
these events, as cheesy as sounds, it's
so curated from the energy, the
lighting, the music, the flashing, it
seems a little in your face, but what
are they doing? They're creating the
environment for success. And I realized
when I got when I got home, how I had
all these little sub things that were
hurting me from the people I was hanging
out with at work to my personal life to
even simple stuff like when I drove in
the car, what was I listening to? I was
listening to news. Well, 99.99% of the
time it's negative. So, here I am about
to go in a cold call block for two hours
or four hours and I just listen to how
the world's falling apart, how the
economy's falling apart.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm conditioning my mind for failure.
So, how can I change that proximity even
stuff like that? You listen I listen to
audiobooks. I listen to positive things.
So that proximity power is such a
powerful lesson that I've taken and
expanded through my whole life
>> to go from beyond just the people to put
to every environment.
For example, you go in my home office,
it is designed for productivity and
maximization,
>> right? If you if you go into like my gym
bag, it's the same thing, right? Like
everything's completely optimized. the
people in my life. If you look at who
I'm texting, I'm texting people who are
successful like yourself and other
friends and peers who are all doing big
things, right? I'm not hanging out with
people who, you know, maybe like, you
know, we were like, you know, drinking
buddies back in high school and college.
It's like unless they're doing cool
things, we're probably not really
talking that often, right? For a reason.
Because I want to be around people who
push me, make me better.
>> Yeah, that's incredible. I So, let's
let's talk about when you took over my
team.
>> Yes.
>> So, 2011, I hire you.
>> Yes.
>> Six months later, I move on.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, different role, different company,
and now you get to look under the hood.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> So, I've never asked you this question
before,
>> but what did you find that I hadn't got
to yet?
>> Well, I think Well, I think first off,
um, I was really sad actually when you
left. I mean, I was like genuinely. I'm
like, damn, Travis is like a big reason
why I left like my my prior company who
knew who I was, my reputation to go to a
whole new company, start back over. That
was really scary for me. And um so I was
really sad for stuff, right? And I would
say to your credit, 6 months is not a
lot of time to turn a team around. Like
as you you sure you saw, there was a lot
of problems with the team, right?
There's a lot of systemic issues that
are going on and there's so many things
that you had to just over just take just
>> Yeah.
>> fix, right? And when I got in there, I
saw what you you were trying to do,
right? I saw why you brought me in. You
brought some new people in because I saw
some of the people that were on the team
that I knew should not be on the team.
And I knew what you were doing, but you
did like the the pizza in the oven
didn't have enough time to actually to
cook. Right. The cake in the oven wasn't
quite baked all the way through.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So I think the nice thing was
like you led you left breadcrumbs for me
to see very quickly, right? So the nice
thing was like I already kind of knew
and had suspicions because I was pretty
close to the team. I could see what they
were doing already. So going in, you
know, I realized pretty quickly and the
nice thing was you had some foundational
pieces that some of the right people
were in place. I'm like perfect. That
makes hiring a little easier and I also
saw the behavior you you did of you were
already interviewing people. I'm like
that's no problem. So I lally ramped up
and I was just doing like eight to 10
interviews early on every single week,
right? Because I knew my number one
thing was I needed to build the people
around me now which this would have
happened to anyone. I knew when you
brought me in like because we would talk
privately you're like hey you're going
to be like a guy in a couple years you
hopefully my back is kind of the plan. I
no longer had that person.
I knew that. I'm like that person's no
longer there. I need to go find my
version of my person who's gonna be a
future back fell. So that was like a
really key thing because I knew I need
to find someone who who could they could
rally around, right? I needed a locker
room leader that was going to be able to
do that. And I think I think that the
people you brought on, I thought they
were good players, but they weren't
going to be the locker room leader
types. They were not going to be that
person who's going to like like who's
going to display public accountability
and have a level of intensity that would
like lift the people up. And I needed
someone like that. multiple people. So
that was like the the first thing I was
like diving deep into right to be able
to do that. Right? Now other things that
um I saw as a result right um as part of
that deep dive was um it was outside the
team. So there was like specific things
operationally that frankly I don't
believe you had the time you even get to
right like for example when we would
sell a deal like at the time for one
type of account it would take about
seven weeks to go in and for another
type of account it would take like three
four weeks so there's operational things
that were outside the control of the
sales sales leader that I knew you had
not had the opportunity to identify
those core constraints and I knew if I
can trim that time from seven weeks to
three weeks that time from three four
weeks down to one week or less. We would
compound the revenue every single week
with that as well, right? And that also
instill confidence in the team that they
knew they would get deals in faster,
they make money faster and all these
things.
>> So, as I was simultaneously putting in
um more people, the right right players
in place, finding my key locker room
leaders um which, you know, it's funny
because I was actually texting one of
them today. He's still at the company
still, you know, having great success.
you're still crushing it and um find
those people. I was working the
operations and fixing the back end so we
get those deals installed faster, right?
So, it was a combination of multiple
things from like the sales team to
operational things that had we had to
kind of fix up front to make sure it
could be, you know, sustainable
long-term wise, but it still wasn't
overnight, right? It still wasn't
overnight because, you know, obviously
it takes time for people to ramp up,
have to perform and get to that level.
So that's why it's like you know even
our first year you know still end up
hitting the number hit presence club
which is great but then years after once
we had kind of the systems in place it
was like a compounding effort
>> and what's actually insane now is like
and you can appreciate this but like I
got promoted in 2015
and even after I left every leader in
place has hit presence club every single
year throughout
>> and they're they're all people from my
orc still I know all the people it's
amazing it's 11 years later they're
still doing Because what I was focused
on was systemic things that we had to
fix that have compounding long-term, you
know, benefits.
>> Yeah. And those things take a little bit
more time.
>> 100%.
>> And that's where I think having a leader
that's willing to see what you're doing
behaviorally and strategically
>> and to and to, you know, be patient
through that. But also, I think it
happens sooner than people think it can
happen too when you do it the right way.
>> Oh yeah.
>> So a CRO listening to this podcast,
let's say 50 million in revenue, missed
their number by 20%.
>> Yeah. uh they had a sales kickoff. Um
they're ready to go into the new year.
What are they getting wrong?
>> Well, I think a lot of times is um they
focus on eventbased activities to
hopefully drive long-term results.
>> So, like for example, they're behind
their number and they say, "Let me go
and try to hire someone like a Marcus or
Travis. Come come do like a speech for
our organization, right? All right,
let's pay them a bunch of money, get
them fired up, and they're going to be
great, right? Well, what happens 30 days
later, 60, 90, and so on.
>> And that becomes an issue, right? And a
lot of time what I find is that leader
also has not identified the core
constraint that's going to solve the
bigger problem. And what I mean by that
is at the end of the day you you have so
many decisions you can make right and
you want to drive revenue because that's
a number you want to deliver but what is
the biggest constraint and I'll give you
an example right I I was talking to
organization about similar size of that
and they were adamant their sales team
needed more sales training so they said
it's a new year Marcus can you come in
can you train your people [snorts]
and I said well hold on a second how do
we know that's going to give you the
best long-term results. And they're
like, "Well, they're behind their
number. They're probably just not
skilled enough. They need better skills
with, you know, prospecting, closing,
blah blah blah, whatever." I said,
"Let's just do a deeper dive first,
right? So, instead of you spending a
bunch of money on that, let's first
uncover the right core constraint." And
we did a deep dive into it. We took a
look and yes these reps needed training
for sure but what I saw was across they
had like 10 sales VPs. Those 10 sales
VPs and their sales people were really
frontline sales leaders that they call
VPs. They did not know how to be an
effective leader. They were not
coaching. They were not leading. They
were essentially super reps just like
taking over deals and whatnot. So they
were not like coaching and developing
their team at all. Right. and they did
not have the right operating rhythms as
a sales leader. So literally I said and
I talked to this it was a CEO instead of
CR I said the C I said listen like
here's like the top three things we
probably focus on but if we could just
pick one I would focus on your leaders
if we could fix your leaders and get
them develop doing the right things and
by the way some of them may not do these
things which is a different decision you
have to make we can have an exponential
impact to the team. So, we spent the
time over the next 3 6 months developing
the playbooks, helping their leaders
figure out how to be effective as a
leader. How do you run effective one-on-
ones? How do you run effective training
meets? How do you run effective like
field rides or call reviews? How do you
run effective sales team meetings? How
do you truly develop a rep, right? And
we didn't even talk to the reps. And
just by doing that, they started hitting
their number. And they also realize they
have many of these VPs who should not be
in that role. So that that opened up a
whole new kind of worms like how do you
properly develop the right people? But
going back to that that CRO the mistake
a lot of them make is they start
throwing money or bodies at the problem
without identifying the core constraint.
And that's kind of like a doctor saying,
"Hey, Travis, you need to have this
surgery on your body or this, you know,
this like this crazy procedure, but they
haven't diagnosed it. They haven't taken
any tests. They haven't like done any
blood work or anything else. They're
just assuming this is going to solve the
problem. So, there hasn't taken the old
playbooks from wherever they were,
throwing it, and hoping it's going to
solve the problem."
>> Well, the first solution oftentimes
isn't the right solution because you're
solving a problem that's not the real
problem.
>> That's right. And so often times when
when a leader thinks, okay, I have I
have the solution to this problem, the
all the all-wise, the all- knowing,
>> yeah,
>> we just need a training event.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh digging into it and staying curious a
little bit longer, I think you can find
out what the real issue is.
>> But I want to talk about something else
that you said. A lot of companies fall
into the trap of saying, "We need
revenue growth. We need we need revenue
growth now. Sooner the better."
>> And so I got a sales VP. They're really
good at selling, so I'm gonna have them
sell. Maybe do some coaching on the
side, but I need revenue, so let's give
them a territory. Let's give the the the
leader some accounts so they can go sell
them.
>> What's what's your view on that? Is
there a time where that
>> is a good idea to help a company
>> or is there is there a better way
>> always? Is this a black and white thing
or is it situational?
>> I think it's for sure situational,
right? because it depends on on the on
the company cash flow situations and
whatnot like because reality is is like
if that that leader is basically a
player coach if you will, right? And
there's pros and cons to that, right? Um
but when you think about this, if you if
you are a player coach and you have a
compensation plan that pays you on your
team and also yourself,
if you have let's say for example, the
team is a dumpster fire, okay? They're
just like they're all horrible. Is that
leader really going to take the time to
try to coach them or hire and backfill
those people? Probably not. They're
like, "Oh, oh god, like I I could
>> I I got to work on them or I can go run
these deals myself and I'm going to make
more money that way, right?" So their
comp structure now is also incentivized
for potentially the wrong behavior. So
that becomes like a really tricky
situation, right? Because I the ideal
situation is they're going to be paid
off the team performance. So, they're
incentivized to get the team to perform,
right? And if you could focus on that,
that's going to be a better long-term
move. Right? Now, it's not always going
to be perfect. And I think if you could
if you had a segment to that, so
depending on size and organization,
right? If it's like you have a if you
have a few reps, like two, three reps,
and you're also a player coach, that's a
little more manageable because you're
kind of in growth mode, if you will.
>> But once you start having like six,
seven reps, you then you want them run
their own deals. they only have so many
hours in the week. Something is is going
to fail. Like I actually I was actually
a player coach for a number of years
early on my career before we started
working together. And I remember the
battle I had to fight every single day.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is help my rep or close a deal.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know like I'm more ski I'm like
this rep kind of a bad hire. like you
naturally without you know the best
thing to do is help them but you also
have bills to pay a mortgage to pay so
you're going to want to go and run those
deals. Yeah.
>> So ideal situation is you want to kind
of phase it out. Now if you were going
to run a player coach model you're
almost like hopefully your comp
structure is incentivizing maybe the
team performance versus individual. So
it's it's hopefully going to drive the
right performance and get them thinking
that way. But also I think on the flip
side as a leader that's managing that
person who has that player coach, you
have to help guide them in ensuring
they're doing the right things to
actually scale the team effectively so
that you don't get stuck in the churn of
them being a player coach.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, you mentioned this,
but following the compensation trail,
people are going to do what they're
incentivized to do
>> 100%.
>> So if there's an incentive to pay
commissions
>> Yeah. and you can control that more than
other people's out outputs,
>> then you're follow the compensation
plan.
>> I think I like a lot of companies have
misaligned incentive programs, but they
don't realize it.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You know, and I think you should be
constantly looking at it, not changing
it, but just making sure that it's
aligned to the objectives.
>> That's right. Like what's your desired
outcome, right? like in this it's funny
like like I remember at one point um you
know uh we got compensated as as as well
as director on staffing and headcount.
>> Mhm.
>> And that started to really shift my
behaviors because what I what do I do?
Make sure we're always overstaffed
right. Yeah.
>> You know like when I got compensated on
bottom line which is I got compensated
on for maj as a leader majority of my
career at least half my comp was on
bottom line of the organization. So what
did that do? That incentivized me to
make sure I number one hired people who
had more of a business mind. Okay, not
just a not a seller like a business mind
and then they would sell more profitable
deals and incentivize better
conversations, more qualified
opportunity and more products and
services inside. So we had greater
margins across the business. It helps
ensure we also sold better business as
well.
>> Yeah.
>> So like there's a trickle effect based
off the comp structure and that comp
structure is so I think I think it was
maybe it was Warren Buffett. It's like,
"Show me the incentive plan, I'll show
you the behaviors."
>> Yep.
>> Get the behaviors, get the incentive
plan right, behaviors will follow.
>> You know, I think with incentive plans,
too, a lot of times they become over
complicated.
>> Yes.
>> And I believe that
>> well, we know that the average American
can understand and comprehend at about
an eighth grade uh reading comprehension
level. So, when you're writing
compensation plans, you know, I often
times will ask the rep to describe the
compensation plan. And when there's so
many levers, right, six or seven levers
and you got to hit this and that's the
gateway to this plan. It gets so
convoluted that you you aren't able to
focus on an objective. That's right.
>> So I remember developing a compensation
plan for a company and I just said,
"What what's the objective? What do you
want to have happen in the next two to
three years?"
>> And it was, well, I want to keep sales
reps that only that perform longer.
>> I don't want better retention. I want
better retention for those that are
winning. And so we simply made a scale.
Yeah,
>> that uh every month the sales manager
got a point
>> for the rep that they had on their team
that hit their that hit their number.
>> And the longer they stayed, the more
money we gave them every month.
>> But they had to hit their number.
>> Yeah.
>> It wasn't just about being staffed. It
was about being staffed with the right
people, right talent.
>> And then you just watch the number. What
you measure improves. And what you
measure and report improves
exponentially. So you measure it and and
it can be very simple, but I think we
get on our own mind sometimes and and
companies and owners uh get so and
leaders get so focused on results today
that they lose sight of the behavior
that's going to help them to get the
result.
>> Oh, 100%. And because there's always
trade-offs, right? It's like when you
build that incentive plan, like what is
what's the number one KPI we're trying
to impact based off this comp structure
and what's the potential trade-off? both
you can make a better decision for the
construct you're trying trying to build.
>> Yeah, love it. Okay, so let's talk about
Benley.
>> Who should not hire Benley to come in
and support their company?
>> Yeah, that's great. So, um it's funny
because not everyone's a fit,
>> right? So, I think a couple number one,
um leaders who are not willing to
engage. M
>> so like you know I think a lot of times
you know the mistake I made early on as
as you know as a business owner is I
would work with some of these companies
in which is I'm primarily working with
the reps and not the leaders. So and
what's interesting is like the leaders
are the reinforcement component of
making sure even beyond the engagement
is over right and you know if the
leaders are not engaged and they're not
part of the process and they're not
bought in that's not a good fit. So
that's actually why we always require as
part of our process we're working with
them as part of the engagement if you're
working with reps as well because we we
want them to get long-term results. So
not just results while we're working
together but having compounding effects,
right? So that's for sure one. Um uh so
they have to have leaders are involved.
Um you have to have product market fit.
So sometime we get early stage companies
that want to work with us but they're
still trying to figure out does the
market even want what we sell? And that
makes it like that's like that's that's
a whole different problem you have to
worry about, you know, as part of it,
right? Um the third is no ego.
Absolutely no ego, right? Because if
there is an ego from anyone in the
leadership team, and I'm not talking
about being confident. I'm talking about
like ego where it's like uh you're not
coachable essentially.
>> Yeah.
>> You're like, I don't want to do any of
those things, right? So, if you go back
to my early example, right, uh, of that
company was losing over $35 million. We
only did a very small engagement with
them. We actually didn't do the backend
component of really helping them build
anything out because even though we
uncovered with data, their data, we
literally had their data, their
information. We had all the call
recordings. We all the analysis like
literally here's the data. We look at
KPIs, people, and process. I'm like, you
have all these things that are broken.
We should not your normal priority
should not be to hire 12 BDRs and hire
BDR manager and do all that stuff.
Leader says
no, I want to do that anyways. I said
then we should not work together. He's
he's like because he was so adamant
because I just knew like I'm like yeah,
you could hire me. I'll trade, I'll
develop their people, but long-term
wise, that's not going to be a good fit
because you're going to be mad now at me
that revenue has actually not increased
and margin and margins actually
compressed and your revenue has not
actually increased.
>> Right now, he was also I would say a
little he was under a lot of pressure
from the PE company and the PE company
was adamant that this is what they need
to do for more pipeline, right? But I
was like from an outside perspective
like I'm I'm going to give you the best
like whether you work with us or not
like this is we don't recommend this.
>> Yeah. Like so like and so he definitely
had probably a little bit of an ego,
right? Or maybe the PE company had a
little bit of an ego in terms of what
was going to be the true long-term best
move for the company.
>> Yeah. So a CRO listening to this episode
Yeah.
>> is is going to, you know, on Monday is
going to wake up and make a decision.
One, they're going to call you and say,
"Marcus, I heard what you're talking
about. Tell me more."
>> Uh B is going to keep going with what
they're doing, not change anything, not
call Marcus. Okay. So what's what's the
one thing that they should do and why?
[clears throat]
>> Okay. So if they're not going to work
with us, right, and they need to go
figure out what's going on, if their
team is not performing, I'll say the
first thing that you want to go do is go
see what's happening live on sales
calls. It's the first thing you go in
the you you'll see very quickly what
your team is doing and what they're not
doing. if they even know what good looks
like and you'll be able to find some
pretty key patterns, right? That's the
first thing I would do. And then the
second thing I would do is I'll do the
same thing with see how your leaders run
their week in the meets they have
whether it's a team meeting, a sales
meeting, a training meeting, one-on-one
calls, uh where I want to debrief with
the reps, see exactly what how the field
rides go, because you might become
pleasantly horrified on what you see
across the board. But when you do that
at least you get you get away from the
armchair quarterback of just looking at
the dashboards because the data tells
you just one part of the story and yes
you should look at the data as well. So
obviously you can look at the data, you
can look at you can see all the
conversions from stage to stage, but
then you also take a look at what's
really happening in the field and what's
actually happening on the calls because
that'll give you a bigger picture of
what you can focus on because once you
do all of that, then you what are the
top three things I can focus on to start
moving the needle and the key is is like
then you can build a system in place to
solve the problem. And I'll give you
example uh number years ago I went from,
you know, a sales master with the
Portland team. I took over. We had about
six reps. I grew it to 20 and then I
split in half, put two sales managers
back film me. I went to a director role
overnight like you know nine 10 managers
and I realized pretty quickly that no
one developed reps the way I developed.
So I knew that was a core constraint.
But I also realized a really big core
constraint was half my managers
shouldn't be managers. And I realized
very quickly I needed to have a
developmental plan put in place
long-term wise to develop my future reps
into that. So that was a core part of my
strategy going in where I've had to
build a comprehensive developmental
program to help improve future put
basically put reps into a succession
plan where they can get developed
through the right skills to go in that
leadership role. So and I wouldn't have
known that. So if I just assumed walking
like okay this is the playbook I got to
do with my sales team. I can go do the
same thing. I would have failed horribly
you know because my playbook was I
realized was like I need to hire more
people right. Well here was a different
constraint. The constraint was my
leadership team is not the right bench
that we have or not the right players we
have in place or half of them was not.
So I need to develop the ones who were
coachable other ones we we put probably
into probably like matrix roles and like
other types of sales roles and I need to
have a backful ready to go to up upscale
the leadership team.
>> Yeah. You talked about um we've talked
about why sales teams don't win or why
they win. If you're going to identify
the number one uh reason that sales
teams are winning from your perspective
and you you get hired to come in and
they're in the the top cortile of
performing teams, what do you notice?
What are the common themes about
companies that have good sales rhythm
culture results?
>> Yeah. So number one, everyone knows what
good looks like. This is like across the
board. So they know everything from they
know what the like what metrics they
need to hit from like KPIs like you know
from how many calls etc all all the way
down to like how many meets they need to
run they know exactly what to do they
know what the perfect week looks like so
from 8 to 5 exactly what the top rep or
manager does it's crystal clear everyone
knows what that looks like they know how
to run the perfect discovery call they
know how to run the perfect sales motion
the demo objection they know exactly
what good looks AC from A to Z everyone
knows the path to presence club right
they how to win. Okay, but it's not just
that. They have number two, they have
reinforcement patterns in place. So
rhythms that are done consistently to
reinforce those behaviors. So it's not
just like, hey, welcome, welcome to our
company. You're getting trained all
these on what good looks like. There's
reinforcement instilled at different
levels all throughout at other parts of
the organization, right? So that means
like for example, as a sales leader,
they're helping reinforce like in their
101's what that looks like. if they're
in the field or on calls or doing call
reviews, it's the same thing. They
they're coaching accordingly back to
what good looks like. So essentially,
they there's a really clear benchmark of
what success looks like across the board
that people understand, believe they
know how to get to those numbers and
then it's reinforced every single level.
And it's not just at like, you know, the
rep and the manager level. It's every
single level all the way down is
reinforced because it starts from the
very top. But when you do it
consistently, you see you're just like
it's like and by the way, no, no
organization is perfect, but they're
pretty freaking consistent. And one of
the like the biggest companies in the
world for sure they have their flaws.
But they have these two things so dialed
consistently that what happens is like
even if you hire an accidental C player,
C's become B's, B's become A's. A's
become A+es because of those two key
things.
>> Yeah. You talked earlier about watching
>> and so when a president
>> of a company or CRO
>> wants to go see what's going on
>> to get out in the field and watch some
sales calls.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, I'm always I'm always
sort of like intrigued because if you're
coaching a team or leading a team but
you've never watched them play on the
court.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Imagine you're a head coach
>> and you go to practice, right? Do your
sales meetings and then you don't get
out on the field or the owner doesn't go
to the games and watch what's going on.
And I think the field is where the reps
are performing. That's the stage.
>> That's right.
>> And I find how many leaders are not
watching the reps perform.
>> And so the culture can be, and I've
heard this before, Marcus, it's like,
well, there's three people on a sales
call, so that would be weird. or um or I
I don't want the the VP to ride with the
rep because they may be intimidated.
>> Right.
>> So, it's like this culture that's been
developed where the coach is blind
>> Yeah.
>> or the leaders, the ownership is blind
to what's going on on the court.
>> And I'm not suggesting that they go ride
with their people every single day,
>> but inspecting and going in and seeing
what's happening at the customer level,
I think there's some value in that.
Would you recommend that for for every
organization? And what would a rhythm or
a pattern be?
>> 100%. Right? So, you know, I had 110
reps. And well, that's why I scaled
scale the organization too, right? And I
still got in the field at least twice a
week. Twice a week. I mean, I travel a
lot twice a week. So, I would see at
minimum six live sales calls in person
in the field. Um, was it hard?
Absolutely. to make sure I had time
because there's so many other like
competing priorities, right? But it was
some of the most valuable time I spent,
you know? So, and and by the way, I I I
knew they would get nervous, right? They
always get nervous cuz someone's coming
in town, etc. So, I would always have
this little like little spiel, even if
I've been with them together. I would
say, "Hey, listen. Like, um my Travis
say my job is just to learn and I just
want you to just do your normal thing. I
know it's it's easier said than done,
but like like even when you introduce me
where I can introduce myself, just tell
them I'm a new rep in training that that
I'm just here to learn. All right? So,
this is your show and I'm just here to
learn from you. Does that sound good?
And if I can help you, I'll help you. Is
that fair? And they're like, "Okay, all
right." You kind Okay. All right. But
then like it was nice was like on on
sales calls like then it's like I could
just kind of just chill a little bit,
right? And if they needed help a little
bit, I could step in and kind of guide
them a little bit, right? But what was
really interesting was is I would see so
much. You said this before, but I see
better than I hear. I would see what
they're really struggling with. All the
little details from how they organized,
how they started a call, how they
prepare to what's going on their
personal lives, what challenges running
into, what what's going on in the
marketplace, what is going on. And I
knew sometimes that the sales managers
would prep the reps to try to
>> right
>> put a show on, you know, dog and pony
show. But when you're spending like
three, four, five hours with someone,
they start to let the guard down a
little bit and you start to hear what's
really going on and I you'd hear about
like what the manager is doing a great
job with other obstacles run into or
maybe some stuff that is not so pleasant
that you might find out like oh that's a
that's a pink flag I need to dig into
with the team or other reps etc. So it
gave you this level of exposure
at so many levels from you can see the
customers, you can see them, you can see
the managers, but you start to see
trends across the board. But on the flip
side, it also allowed me to see what
they're doing a really good job with. So
I can reinforce behaviors I wanted them
to see, right? So, for example, if I saw
that maybe they just did an amazing job
with like um certain questions they
asked and really opened a prospect up,
now I can say, "Hey, Travis, that was
really amazing. You know, on our call,
our group call this coming like
Thursday, could you can I tap you on a
show? Can you share how you're running
your calls?" Because those three
questions you asked, I think a lot of
reps can learn from you. So, not only
would I was able to help like develop
them a little more, uncover key areas,
but also it helped me retain people
better and help them to tap into their
discretionary effort to be able to
showcase their skills. So, it's one of
those things where is it easy to do? No.
But the ROI is absolutely insane. I
remember my when I took over the that
market about a 50% turnover. Now, I did
a lot of other stuff as well, but I'm a
firm believer by just literally spending
time with reps at the field level,
spending time with the managers at their
level was the big reason went from 50%
down to 17%.
>> Like in year one.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it's pretty wild, but like it is
hard to do and most people avoid doing
that hard work because they want to
throw their original playbook at it. But
once you actually do the inspection and
you see those things, that may
completely shift your strategy you have
for the organization. That's exactly
what happened to me. My initial 90-day
plan I I put together to interview
throughout the window once I saw what
was really going on.
>> Yeah. And on the flip side, if if a
leader goes out with the rep and they
see that positive things are happening,
it's reinforcing and we're going to do
more of what's working as well.
>> Oh, 100%. 100%.
>> Yeah. Okay. So let's let's talk about um
an HR tech client.
>> 65% jump in deal velocity, 40 47% jump
in win rate.
>> So with that client, tell me the one
move that unlocked that.
>> Those are big numbers.
>> Oh yeah. So I think a a really one one
super easy move was like everyone thinks
they do a good discovery.
>> Okay. So like we did work with their
team with on terms of like you know
better management all that stuff but
like the managers themselves the reps
themselves did not know how to run an
effective discovery process. So they're
really good at asking basic questions
like medics was a process they use very
transactional right but teaching them
and showing them how to actually run a a
discovery process where you uncovering
quantifiable business pain impact and
pain at different levels at technical
level business level personal level and
going super deep was absolutely vital
for them. And when we started to do
that, what ends up happening is like,
well, the deals get bigger. They have
more deal momentum and whatnot. And the
thing is is like the reps had no idea
how to do effectively. They were kind of
taking an order, if you will. That was a
major impact. But also then now the
managers also had a common language. We
we teach a frame framework called
powerful. They all a common language now
of how to run discovery. So now they can
all run a similar discovery. The manage
could coach to it. They can say, "Okay,
listen. Like, you know, we got pain
here, but is maybe like a level five.
What do we miss here to get to level 10?
What questions could we have asked to
get to the next level?" Okay. And we
when you start to have a consistent
frame across the board of not just how
you run discovery, but also how your
manager's coach, you start to see a
compounding effect. So, for them, that's
what it was. It was a compounding effect
over and over because now the team knows
knows what good looks like. It's a
reinforcement patterns and that's going
to drive results long-term wise. Let's
talk about a perfect week for a sales
leader.
>> Yeah. All
>> right. So, a sales manager Monday
through Friday
>> if they're if you if you just look at
where they're at physically office field
and then what they're doing. So, where
they're at and what they're doing. Yeah.
>> Where where would you say on a high
functioning high performing team
>> if we were to zoom in and record that
sales manager? What's he doing? Where's
he at? How does it work? What's a
perfect week look like?
>> Great. Well, I think I'm boil there's so
many things you can do, right? As a
sales leader, you're getting non-stop
Slack messages or team messages and
emails. Reps are calling you. You're
sick and before you know, you're
basically like, "What happened to my
week?" Right? At the end of the day, the
two most important things you do as a
sales leader is number one, you go and
you find world-class talent. You're
recruiting world-class talent. And then
number two, you keep and retain and make
that talent better. That's it. Those are
two biggest things. It's it's a the prao
principle that's the 20% drives 80% of
the results. Everything else is just
noise. That means your week should
reflect really similar to that, right?
So from a perfect week perspective,
let's just assume it's an 40hour work
week, but like I personally like to
start off with a sales meeting in the
morning. I've been stuck I've been stuck
in a long time. I think it's like it's
the best thing to do, right? So say for
example 8 a.m. It's a sales team
meeting. you know, you're setting the
vision, you're providing the vision,
everyone's providing their numbers,
there's coaching, there's real plays all
throughout. They're walking away knowing
exactly what to do for the week, and
they're developing their skills. Okay?
Now, there should also should be set
times when the team is also prospecting
as well. Firm believer, right? So, some
teams do it two hours a day, some teams
do it, you know, four hour blocks. It
doesn't matter. Let's say, for example,
you have a set set time and you as as a
leader, you're with them. So, if you're
a remote team, everyone's on Zoom or
Teams, they're on mute and they're doing
they're doing the work. And for certain
reps, you're having them unmute so you
can listen in and see how they do. So,
you can coach accordingly between the
calls. So, you're you're coaching live,
making sure that's that's dialed, right?
Then you're going to have one-on- ones.
So, you're having really structured
one-on- ones, right? And it's that's
cool because we talk about your
one-on-one structure. It's very similar,
which is like, hey, like what's a big
obstacle in their way? Remove the
obstacle. What's the action items from
last week? how we do it against those
where do they stand from the numbers
what's the exact next step to progress
whatever is the highest priority for
them that week right so you one ones all
throughout that might might be part of
the Monday morning right
>> and then in the afternoon you're on live
calls with the reps so if you're if
they're if it's a remote team you have
certain reps you're on Zoom calls with
them as well to see what they're doing
to coach and guide them as well all
right so typically you're going to have
probably at least three four half days
of the rest of a week that you're on
live calls as a rep so you can coach
them accordingly. Okay. As part of that
perfect week, there should be at least
one time one hour of the week where it's
dedicated purely training. So I I like I
like middle of the week because the
middle of the week is a kind of pulse
check on the team where you're going
through you're teaching them something.
I use what's called edra which is you
educate them, you demonstrate what
you're going to what you want them to
do, then you do real plays with them and
then there's actions of what they need
to do next. There's training with that,
right? That's part of it as well. And
then in the other times, so let's say
for other parts of the week where you
have more time, you might have some
internal meetings, etc., but depending
on where your staffing levels are at,
you should have dedicated blocks for
literally recruiting, finding
world-class talent to continue topgrade
your team. That that means like you have
time blocks of you're doing outreach on
LinkedIn, you're going to career fairs,
you're working maybe external
recruiters, you're doing interviews. So
this way you're constantly building your
bench as part of it, right? And the
other rest of the time you're doing
strategic planning. You're making sure
you're prepared for your training.
You're prepared for your your sales
meeting. You're preparing for the
one-on- ones. You're making sure you
looking your where your reps stand. So
you have times as well where you're
making sure you're looking at the
numbers too. But if you do these
consistently, if you do them 20% of
those action, the 20% of the the 80% of
the developing people, finding world
class talent, you will blow your numbers
out, right? And if you do that
consistently and you're not you're not
blowing your numbers out, chances are
pretty good you're not effective at
doing those things.
>> Yeah. It's being it's constantly being
better at the things that you're doing.
I think you know you you talked about I
I always talk about the big three,
>> which is sales rep. As a sales leader,
it's sales rep facing activities.
>> You have one-on- ones,
>> you have field time, and you have sales
meetings. Those are the three
opportunities to interact. Yeah.
>> And then you have the recruiting and you
have maybe some admin stuff and some
operational meetings you need to be a
part of leadership meetings. So when I
look at those three, the big three, I
call it the big three. That's where the
constant improvement for us lives. Oh
yeah.
>> How do we make our sales meetings
better?
>> That's right.
>> How do we make our field time better and
our coaching ability better? And then
how do we make our those one-on- ones
even more impactful, more meaningful,
and constantly revising? If you haven't
revised your debrief form in four or
five years,
>> oh yeah,
>> you know, the the problem, you know,
isn't performance, it's what we're doing
inside the debrief form.
>> 100%.
>> You know, if you haven't worked on your
coaching and tried different
methodologies in the field
>> uh in in a while, then there's an
opportunity for improvement on the one.
>> You got to be a bit of a mad scientist,
right? Like you have to constantly be
tweaking and twe and adjusting to see
how can you improve performance, right?
Like the reality is like if you can get
1% better at coaching that can compound
exponentially with your team. So those
are the key things and I find so many
leaders they go through the motions.
They're like, "Oh yeah, I I I I guess I
guess I do one onone. I guess I do do
these things." That's why I'm like take
a look. If you're you're a CRO, you're
an exec and you're not sure what your
manager is doing. Have them record the
one ones. Review the one-on- ones. Take
a look and see what's actually happening
on there. I can guarantee you majority
of the time it is ineffective.
Ineffective. I've been there. I'll I'll
fly into into a city. I'll sit down with
my leader like just do your normal thing
and you can just suddenly see this whole
like dog and pony show. I'm like this is
not what really goes goes on.
>> Yeah.
>> Like I can guarantee this is a big
reason why your team's not performing
because it's a check the box. It's like
how was your week? Okay. It was good.
You need anything from me? You don't?
Okay. See you later. That rep walks away
like all right easy day. But they're
still just as lost as last week still.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I remember um installing a
coaching methodology in in uh coaching
conversations and so we had a process
and you know about a year into this. I
rode with the leader and I watched them
use the process and it was clear to me
that was the first time he had tried
because the language was so clunky that
you knew the implementation wasn't
there. And so I think as you come in and
it's like, "Hey, what do you want to
see?" Well, I want to see how you how
you run your day. Just do a normal day.
I'm just here to watch.
>> Because what you want to see is ground
truth.
>> That's right.
>> You know, if we can get to the ground
truth of what's happening, not to be
punitive or to fire somebody on the spot
or any of that, but to look at ourselves
as leaders and is our program is it? So
I I took from that. I'm like, okay, how
can I tweak my own training and my own
implementation so that I get the result
that I want? And it turns from being
frustrated, you talked about this
earlier, being frustrated at the
territory is the same thing as a leader
being frustrated at their people.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Right. So, it's the same thing that we
carry with us. If if a leader is looking
at the sales reps and listening to sales
reps make all these excuses about all
these external factors they can't
control,
>> but then as a leader, they're they're
doing the same thing about their people.
>> 100%. It's the same framework. It's the
same mindset of ownership.
>> You got to coach them through it. Even
even the leaders, right? I'll have
leaders like they know they need to have
tough conversation and I'll be like,
"Are you ready for that conversation?"
>> Like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. Let's
role play."
>> Yeah.
>> I'm going to be them, you know? Like,
>> that's a real play.
>> Now, we're doing a role play. I'm like
I'm like, "I'm mad about the comp
change."
>> Yep.
>> What's the What are you going to say
next? You know, get them to do it live.
It's It's amazing. It's like we need to
develop our leaders as much as we focus
on developing reps.
>> It's a huge miss across the board for a
lot of companies.
>> Yeah. I would even say stop focusing on
developing the reps. You talked about
this earlier. Focus on developing your
leaders. This is how duplicatable
success. This is where it lives.
>> It's a multiplier effect when you manage
if you develop the leaders.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> We always want to focus on revenue
generating. So we go to okay, what do we
need to do with the customer? But I I
think your point is so
>> so I've just seen it so many times. It's
so powerful.
>> Yeah. 100%.
>> So if you were looking back at your
career, super successful um individual
contributor, sales leader, scaling,
growing, hundreds of million dollars of
of revenue of impact, if not more, now
you've been in in this business
consulting and helping companies do the
same process. What's if if what's one
piece of advice that you would give any
CRO or any business owner listening to
this? What would be one piece of advice
that you would give? M slow down
and do the hard work of really looking
at the bigger picture first before you
start attacking whatever you perceived
problem that you have
>> because oftent times
>> that perceived problem is usually the
wrong problem that you're tackling
>> and I'll give you an example a personal
example it's kind it's kind of like this
I remember um you know this is probably
a couple years ago and I'm like my foot
started started to hurt and I'm like,
"Huh, that's weird. My feet are are
starting to hurt. I'm not sure why. I
think it's come flatfooted." Right? So,
what do I do? I go and I get um you
know, I get some insoles. I think it's
much better. Okay, just get some
insoles. I'm like, "All right, that's
like that's probably going to solve my
problem." It felt a little better, but
then start having so still have certain
pains. I'm like,
>> "This one's hitting close to home."
>> Oh, yeah. You know, it's like [laughter]
I'm like, "Okay." So I'm trying I go go
online and trying to look at all these
because I'm also like feeling like hip
pain now. Hip pain and also like lower
back pain. I'm like this I think this is
all tied together. I'm looking online.
I'm like oh okay maybe it's shoes then
instead. I'm like so I start getting
better shoes. So I start getting shoes.
I'm like like okay but still kind of
having all these core problems right?
And I'm like, must because of my flat
feet. This is kind of what it is, right?
[snorts] And dug in deeper and I
realized was, yeah, maybe those are all
part of part of the problem, right? But
there were really symptoms. And the
symptoms was was or the the core the
core root issue was I actually lacked
mobility. My mobility had gotten worse
over the years from just not the same
level of movement as a kid, sitting too
much, you know, being in front of a
computer all day. I'm like, "Oh, wow."
And I realized my had certain muscles in
my hip, in my lower back, in my feet
that were not getting developed at the
right level. And that was actually a
core root problem. So, I started working
on mobility across the board. And it's
amazing like now that pain's all gone
after like three months because I I
started to identify what the core root
problem is. And I think a lot of
organizations do the same thing where
they see something a symptom of
something and they believe that's the
issue. So they start trying all these
solutions, right? But they don't really
take the time to really diagnose
everything to really see the bigger
picture to uncover what do we need to do
to solve this long-term wise. You know,
I'll give you an example at a company we
worked with, they kept trying to build
outbound function to their team and they
kept failing. They had really successful
inbound business, but outbound was a
struggle. They'd hire a rep having crazy
compl
was like ridiculous. So, they're like,
"We're getting the best talent, but they
kept churning people, not getting the
results, right?" And we took a look and
he's and they're like, "I think we're
just hire not we're not good at hiring."
And I'm like, "Well, I mean, maybe
that's part of it, right?" But I took a
took a deeper look and realized pretty
quickly, well, number one, when reps
would walk in, there was no real proper
onboarding. Okay? No proper onboarding,
no training, no reinforcement, no
playbook of what good looks like across
the board. So there's all these
components that's already missing,
right? And then you go even deeper. For
sure, they also weren't hiring right
properly. They weren't hiring properly
either. So even the person they weren't
clear on who they need to go after.
Yeah.
>> So actually the interview was actually
pretty good, but they they were aiming
the wrong people.
>> So now now they had now we fixed all
that. So now exactly they have ideal
hiring profile. They have a a high
alliance to it. They have the proper
onboarding and they have everything else
dialed now. And now they're they they
think they have like 10 people on their
outbound team now. They're all like
doing really well. They're blowing their
number out, right? And a couple years
ago that wasn't even a thing. And again,
they did not know what the problem was.
It's kind of like um you know to a to a
hammer everyone's a nail, you know, like
that's what it was. So sometime as a
sales leader we get stuck in our ways of
thinking like this is how we solve the
problem. this is how we always have done
it. Well, I would I would challenge you
say take a step back. Have we identified
what the core root problem is? And if
you have, cool, then try to solve it.
But if that solve is not working, are
you 100% certain
>> that's the problem.
>> That's the problem.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Solutioning early.
>> Easy thing happens when we you've been
in business for a long time. We we we
all do it. I do it. It happens to me
too. But when sometime when you're when
you're so close to like you know the the
trees, you don't see the forest. And
that's where that external perspective
is so valuable to help you see what you
may not be seeing.
>> Well, my experience of you is that you
have that ability to go to go deep and
be willing to go deep. Ask the tough
questions that may be uncomfortable,
>> but you know that you're finding the
root problem so that you can help your
your clients solve the the right problem
with solutions that are sustainable and
that work.
>> 100%.
>> Marcus, this has been great. Thank you
for for the time today and sharing your
wisdom, experience, knowledge,
>> and all of you. Thanks, man.
>> Thanks so much. So, that was Travis
Smith interviewing me, the leader who
built the leaders like myself, who built
the team, a still hidden presence club
11 years after he handed off. Now, you
can find Travis on LinkedIn to follow
what he's putting out next. So, one line
to sit with you before you close this
out. If your number is off this quarter,
do not start with the comp plan, the
kickoff speech, or the BDR hiring
spreadsheet. Start with two things. One,
watch what is happening on live sales
calls. And two, watch what's happening
in your manager's 101 ones. Your answer
is in one of those two rooms, if not
both, not on the dashboard. Now, if you
suspect there's a $35 million version of
this hiding in your own pipeline, we run
the exact diagnostic and a free 45minute
executive revenue snapshot. There's no
deck, there's no pitch. We pull your
real numbers, look at where your money's
actually leaking, and tell you what to
fix first. Link is in the description.
Now, if you found this valuable, make
sure to hit subscribe, follow wherever
you're listening to this, or send to a
sales leader to give them more value as
well. I'm Marcus Shim. Thanks for
spending your time in the revenue vault
and I'll see you next week.
