Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Marcus Chan",
  "channel_name": "Marcus Chan",
  "video_id": "WLtM6XUr9Wg",
  "title": "85% of Sales Training Dies by Day 120. The 15% That Sticks Doesn't Use Training.",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLtM6XUr9Wg",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 169,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
I'm about to save you $50,000
or maybe more than that. Now, 85% of
sales training fails in 120 days. Not
because the trainer was bad, not because
your reps slacked off, it's that the
whole model is built to fail. Like
training is an event, behavior change is
a system. And you cannot fix a system
problem with an event. Now, I have
installed over 700 sales team and I'm
going to show you the four things that
actually work. And none of them are what
your last vendor sold you. First, why
85% fails, then the three reasons, and
the system you install instead. So,
here's what actually happens. You bring
in a trainer. Maybe it's Sandler,
MEDDIC, the big name doesn't really
matter. Day one, all hands. Two-hour
workshop, reps love it. This is our
mythology now, everybody nods. And week
one, they try it. Works okay.
Week two, a weird deal shows up. They
wing it. By week three, they've already
forgotten what the acronym means. By
week four, they're back to old habits.
Why does this happen every single time?
[music]
It's because training teaches knowledge
and knowledge alone does not change
behavior.
It just feels good. You walk out
smarter, not different. If it was just
easy to have knowledge and the people
would get better at getting results,
then every rep would be hitting their
number, they'll be super ripped and have
a six-pack. That gap is where money
dies. Now, I've watched this with a
fintech client. Their new reps ramped in
14 months. They had bought training
twice, same fate both times. We replaced
the event with a system and ramped up to
6 months. Same reps, same product,
different model. When I think about even
my own career, I led 110% sales or doing
195 million a year. I ran every training
playbook there is. The events never
stuck. The systems always did. Now
across over 950 million client revenue,
that pattern has never changed. [music]
So burn this into your brain. Training
is an event. Behavior change is a
system. [music]
So there are three reasons it fails. You
fix these and it sticks. Reason number
one, it's too generic. The trainer
doesn't know your product, your deal
size, your buyer. So reps learn theory,
they can't use it following Monday
morning. They think, "Hey, that's cool,
but how does this fit my 150k deal?"
[music]
A 40 million dollar a year HR tech
client said the exact same thing to me.
They said their old training was smart
and useless at the same time. Now reason
two is the one nobody admits. Your
managers were never trained to coach it.
The trainer teaches the reps. The
managers sit in the same room. So a
stuck rep asks a manager who knows the
same nothing. Behavior change needs
manager coaching on real deals every
week. Your managers must learn it first,
deeper in how to coach it. That HR tech
client I mentioned trained managers
first. Win rate climbed to 47%. Again,
same market, same product, coach
behavior. Reason number three, there's
no reinforcement.
Training happens maybe once, maybe
refresher in 3 months. In between,
silence. No weekly reps, no check-ins.
Knowledge fades, behavior reverts, every
time. Now, I earned 12 promotions in 8
years on reinforcement, [music] not
workshops.
The reps who win get coached
daily [music] and weekly, not trained
annually. So, if training failed at your
org, I can almost guarantee you one of
those three was missing. In fact,
probably all three. So, replace the
events with a system, and there are four
components. So, component one is a
discovery framework built for your
deals, [music] not generic, specific.
Your deal size, your buying process.
Now,
we use powerful with clients. 10 minutes
a call, right? That's pain, opportunity
costs, wants, needs, desires, executive
level influence and process, resources,
fear failure, unequivocal trust, and the
little things. [music] It's built for
50K to 500K deals. Now, your framework
can differ. It just has to [music] fit
your world. Now, here's a component that
does a heavy lifting, component number
two, a manager coaching cadence.
30 minutes per rep at the very minimum,
every single week on real deals. [music]
The manager coaches the rep through the
framework on that deal, not a feelings
chat. Real coaching on real deals. This
is what took a fintech AE from 14 months
to six.
And then we have component three, stage
exit criteria. Every stage has
checkpoints. No checkpoints,
no advancing. Discovery, for instance,
three stakeholders, economic buyer,
timeline confirmed. Proposal, value
quantified, decision process mapped,
competition handled. Without these,
deals move on hope. With these, deals
move on facts. Component number four, a
real-time dashboard. Your managers see
the pipeline daily. They see which
[music] deals hit checkpoints. That
visibility makes a weekly coaching
sharper. Put all four together and you
have a system. A 40 million HR tech team
installed this, deal velocity jumped
65%.
These four components carry 950 million
plus in client results. So, remember,
[music]
systems drive behavior, events drive
entertainment.
>> [music]
>> So, when you install all four, here's
what moves. Win rates climb 5 to 15%,
your sales cycle compresses, forecast go
from a guess to a number you trust, and
it sticks because it's a system, not an
event. Now, remember that 85%? That's
the cost of training without a system.
But, here's what ignoring this actually
costs you. Another year reps reverting,
another vendor invoice, another flat
quarter. So, you don't have a training
problem, you have a system gap. Now, to
help you out, I built a free tool that
shows which of the four is broken on
your team. It's a Revenue Leak
Diagnostic Playbook. You plug in your
team size, deal size, close rate, a few
other stats. It shows you where the
revenue is leaking at what stages. 10
minutes, link is in the description
below. So, that's it. So, now go build a
system, not events. So, if you found
this helpful, make sure you hit
subscribe or follow wherever you're
watching or listening to this, and make
sure you send it to a fellow leader as
well. I'll see you in the next one.
