Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Kyle Vamvouris",
  "channel_name": "Vouris",
  "video_id": "l_Cq1-5LyP8",
  "title": "Everything I Know About Building AI Agents That Actually Do Useful Work",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_Cq1-5LyP8",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1593,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
A little bit about my background for
those of you who don't know. Uh I spent
the vast majority of my career building
out sales orgs. Um you I started as an
STR. I was an account executive for a
while. Then I started running building
teams. Um for a long time I had a
consulting company where all we did was
we uh went into organizations. We helped
them build out their sales orgs. Either
a full new team buildout or we
restructured an existing team for larger
companies. Um and that's [clears throat]
what I've done. Vors was my consulting
company um that I winded down. I no
longer do that sort of work because
about two years ago I got really into uh
AI and
the power even back then like I just got
so obsessed with how can you get LLMs to
do things that normally you would do uh
a lot faster and back then it was crazy
like I the first thing that I built was
this uh tool to write a cold call
script. I've written a couple books on
sales. I've built 87 sales teams. A lot
of my early stuff was around sales. Um,
[clears throat] and I wanted to be able
to write a cold call script as if I
wrote it. That was the idea. Like I want
it so good. It's as if Kyle wrote it.
Now, writing a cold call script for me,
you could wake me up at 1:00 a.m. and
it'll probably take me seven minutes.
You I would just be like, "What do you
do?" Okay, this is what I'd say. Like,
it just I know it so well because I've
done it so many times. Um, but it's a
good place to start because I have an
opinion on it, right? And this is one of
the first things I want everyone to walk
away with from here is AI is going to
work best when you have a perspective on
what it's doing. So what I see a lot of
folks do is they're like, "Hey, we want
to build an AI agent to uh run our
Instagram ads or our meta ads and learn
from the data and make tweaks to the ads
and all this crazy stuff." It's like,
"Okay, cool. We totally do that. Who's
running ads for you today?" And they're
like, "Oh, we don't run ads." I'm like,
"Okay, well then no one there has
expertise on how like what works here,
right?" Right? So if you have a
perspective, an opinion on something,
you can do a lot with AI, a lot more
than somebody who doesn't, right? So I
that's important principle for everybody
to be grounded in. Okay. So
[clears throat] um gosh, I'm I'm playing
around. It's chat GBT, early chat GBT.
Like it sucked back then. And uh
[snorts] I hated everything that it that
it uh outputed. I was writing these
crazy prompts. I dove real deep into
prompt engineering. I had to come up for
error at one point. I was so deep. And
um I get to a point to where I was able
to write 26 prompts to write one
one-page cold call script just like a
one pager. 26 prompts is what it took
me. And the output was good. I was like,
"Wow, this is actually just how you
write a cold call script." And then
models got so much better. Basically,
that is completely worthless now. Like
nobody should look at my prompts that I
used to have to write cold call scripts.
um you could probably do that in one
prompt now but or actually not probably
you could do that with one prompt now
things change my point so I went really
really deep there and then since then
I've built a lot of AI agents one um
there's kind of two main things that I
do now for those of you um who don't
know one is I um have a company called
sales thread that is um kind of creates
the brain of your sales organization
with AI so it's a a suite of AI agents
and a lot of infrastructure that we use
to build your sales brain that you can
plug AI agents into. Uh that's part of
my work and then the other part is doing
um you know training, coaching,
consulting, building out AI agents for
companies. Those are the two things I
do. If you're interested in one of those
things, just shoot me an email. We can
talk about it. Uh but okay, so I've kind
of grounded you in some reality here.
Again, like I am not one of these
lunatic uh LLMs are perfect and this is
all incredible. Um, I actually fall into
the other camp where I think they make
way too many mistakes and if you're not
careful, you can end up uh doing kind of
shitty work, which I don't want anybody
here to fall into. So, in that spirit,
let me start in the only place that you
can, which is what exactly are we
talking about when we say AI agent?
Okay, here we are. Um, [clears throat]
there are three things that I'm talking
about. When you hear the term agent,
everyone has a different definition.
Okay. Um, for a long time, I felt the
best definition was it is an agent is a
an kind of an instance of an LLM that
can use tools. So, tool use, there are
three kind of types of AI agents. I just
think all of these are agents. I just
would be using this term for everything
because they all get thrown around so
much, so you might as well just use this
as a generic term. The first are literal
AI agents. This is like chatgbt
clawed. You have a chat interface.
Perplexing computer is a bunch of these,
but there's one main one, right? Uh and
then it'll spawn off other ones. Uh open
claw would be another one. Um these are
all AI agents. And AI agents are really
dynamic. You give it a task, it's going
to plan, figure out how to do the task,
and it's going to use tools like search
or um
look up in a CRM to complete that task.
And they're great because they just kind
of do things. You don't have to do a lot
of prep. You can just write a prompt.
You can write a good prompt, a bad
prompt. The agent kind of figures it
out. Kind of the how this works. I won't
really get into much today. I will be
talking for like 20 minutes then we'll
do Q&A and if you have questions on how
these things work uh like what's the
architecture underneath it or or just
technically how parts of this work just
ask and I will answer it but okay so
that's AI agents they're they can handle
broad sets of tasks they can kind of
plan they can choose what context it
needs it can grab that context and it's
this beautiful merge of LLM at the
center and then this application layer
that the LLM can use by tool calling to
get information it needs in order to get
the output that you're looking for it to
Okay, that's great. There's a problem
with AI agent, like pure AI agents. Um,
because they can handle so many
different tasks, often when you start to
narrow in on one thing that you want to
do, the AI agent won't do that thing
very consistently is part of the problem
unless you build out, and we'll kind of
get to that later, a way for it to do it
that leads to it being consistent.
They're very hard to audit and figure
out why something went wrong. And also
[clears throat] they tend to make
mistakes that they shouldn't make. You
have to understand that AI or LLM are
trained on all available text of all
time. Let's just call it that for now.
And a lot of expertise
and experience isn't written as text.
It is stuff that we know that we talk
about with other people that we might do
private communications. It's not just
publicly on the internet. You have some
books and stuff that's such a small
percentage, right? And I the vast
majority of experts in the industry
don't write a book, right? Um so
[clears throat]
or experts at a at a job or you know an
area. So AI agents tend to make a lot of
mistakes. They can be a little bit
difficult to figure out why that mistake
happened. So the next thing here are
what are called AI workflows. Okay, what
an AI workflow is is think of a regular
workflow. I'm going to give you an
example of this in a minute. Think of a
regular workflow
except when I say regular workflow like
um uh if you're using Zapier or
something, you have your little boxes.
You're like, okay, one thing happens and
another thing happens and another thing
happens. AI workflows are like that.
It's like, hey, I have a fixed workflow
and the output of this LLM is going to
go into this other box and then we're
going to grab from here. It's going to
go here. Everything is fixed. The
prompts are fixed. The model you're
using is fixed. Everything is just is
how it's been built out. And here's
what's beautiful about these. They're
super consistent because you've tuned
everything yourself. And you know, if I
do X, I get Y and I'm very happy with Y
when I get it because I put all of these
pieces together like this mastermind to
make sure that it comes out really good.
That's my 26 prompts in order to get one
cold call script. It was at the place
where I would write a little paragraph
about what the company did and then I
would get a cold call script that was
basically exactly what I would have
written very close to it. That's an AI
workflow. Now, they're incredible
because they're consistent, but there's
a challenge. And the challenge is once
things start falling off track a little
bit, something not expected comes out,
then they fail immediately and they
don't quite check in with you because
it's just doing a fixed output. Okay.
Prompt one of my 26 prompts did this
part of the cold call script. Prompt two
did the next part and then prompt three
did the next part. There was no room for
any of those parts to say, "Hey, wait a
minute. I don't think prompt two did a
very good job here." And that leads us
to the third one here, which is agentic
workflows.
This merges the two. And what this is is
you have a workflow that you know this
provides a static output, but you have
agents involved in that workflow to
course correct as necessary or even or
and or even check in with you and say,
"Hey, I want to make sure that this
looks like it's on track." Okay? And I
have built those human checkpoints into
AI workflows before. You can also build
them into agentic workflows. I've also
done that. just depends on what's right.
I have built pure agents before that are
really specific to certain jobs. And um
I generally push people to building AI
workflows. Just so you know, like my
bias is I try to push people to building
AI workflows. I'm starting to recommend
this a lot more now because the tooling
is caught up to make building agentic
workflows a lot easier. So now I think
this is probably going to be the primary
thing I recommend to people. I'm just
sort of in that shift now because it is
really powerful. Okay, let me check in
with with with everybody here. Out of
these three things, I would like you
just to tell me two things. One, what do
you have experience doing right now, if
any? And AI agents, I I mean like you've
built your own AI agent before and it's
fully like an agentic. I built I built
out all the tools that it should use.
It's like a complicated setup, not just
like I [clears throat] this thing's
called an agent, you know, like if you
really feel like you know that. So, tell
me which one you have experience with
and then also tell me which one you
would like to have more experience with.
While you're doing that, I am going to
pull up an example because I think
that'll be very helpful for everybody.
[clears throat]
I'll give you an example.
This is one that I'm um I'm doing some
art. This is actually one that I'm I'm
actively building now. So, you're you're
going to like this because this is very
active for me. I'm very focused on it.
But let me read some of these replies
real quick. Um, all of the above you
have experience with or or learning
either way. Great. One and two. I'd like
to learn more about three. Okay, great.
Agent workflows, multiple agents and
handoffs. Agent handoffs are still a
work in progress. Got it. Okay, great.
Um,
one, perfect.
And then um I use AI agents to sell
solutions around workflows and agents.
Okay, interesting. All right, great.
[clears throat] Joel, cool. Just make
sure we're all on the same page here.
So, let's go back to my uh to to an
example, right? Um here is an example of
a kind of campaign marketing strategy
agent. And this is a good example of
when you would have um more of an
agentic workflow, but also just
workflows in general. So for every
marketing campaign, we capture campaign
assets.
Okay, these campaign assets could be the
copy to an email. It could be an image
and the copy for an ad that went out as
well as the performance of that email,
the performance of that ad. And then
there's the total campaign performance.
And that might be, hey, we did a
campaign around a webinar, we ran ads
for it, we also did emails to our email
list. Here's how the whole thing ended
up performing. uh you know the whole
campaign for the webinar that gets
stored in one place. This might be your
CRM. This could be a spreadsheet.
However you want this stored, okay? And
then what happens is we send this data
to a campaign summary agent. Okay? And
I'm using agent in air quotes because
it's not like not this sophisticated
agentic thing. What it is is a prompt
that has all of the expertise from the
organization on how to analyze this data
and what this data means and it does a
summary of that campaign.
The same thing happens for the
performance. Another agent reviews all
of the performance data and then says,
"Hey, here's how this thing performed.
Our email did underperform. This
specific email seemed not to perform.
this this ad campaign did well this time
and it uh takes all that information and
it logs it in here. And just so you know
what's like let's say if you're building
this out as a spreadsheet what you would
have is you would have one tab for every
campaign and then you'd have one kind of
main tab that has all of the campaigns
in it. And on that main tab would be the
outputs of the that has the campaign
summary and the output from the LLM that
has the campaign performance report. So
you'd literally have campaign one
performance data, bunch of columns, and
then you'd have campaign summary, AI,
you know, you have a campaign
performance report, and then it'd be
campaign two, and you'd have all the
same campaign three, all of the same
things. Okay? And what we uh do here is
we're actually using AI to enrich the
the database that we have, right? In
this case, as our source of truth, we're
enriching it by adding a layer of
intelligence from the LLM to do some of
the analysis a human used to do. And as
long as a human knows how to do that
analysis and has an opinion on it,
that's what we talked about earlier,
then you can do this really well. Okay,
so now we get to where's like the
agentic stuff and you have options here,
which is the cool part. Uh, you can just
plug this into an agent. By the way, you
can plug this into Claude. You can plug
this into CatchBT. This doesn't have to
be your own little special agent that
you built out with its own interface.
All you have to do is you literally
throw in the source of truth into the
context window of the agent that you're
using, Claude, um, uh, Chat Gvt, and you
can ask a bunch of questions about it.
You can also ask a question. Hey, which
campaign should I build next? Okay. And
this is where I'm at with this campaign
here. Um, this is like the highlevel
view of it. Um the next level, there's a
deeper version of this, but then uh the
next thing that you need to build out as
part of this is what does the workflow
look look like when you're ready to do
your next campaign
that now becomes more of an agentic
workflow. I may have an agent that makes
some decisions about which campaigns
here uh or in in the source of truth.
this agent might make a decision and go,
"Okay, well, the new the next webinar
that's coming out is about this topic.
Let me review all of the campaigns we
have ever run and see if we've run
campaigns for similar topics before."
And it might do that. It might organize,
might pull the assets of that, review
it, and then put together a campaign
plan. Then that agent goes, "Let me get
approval of this plan." Boom. Sends it
to Kyle. Kyle looks at the plan, says,
"Hey, this plan looks good to me." I
send it back. The next steps are
creating all of the material for the
webinar. Right? I've approved the plan
that the agent created. That agent is
now going to coordinate with either sub
aents or it's going to use fixed skills
to do parts of the job. And it's going
to coordinate the creation of all of
this material. Now, I have a few
options. I can say, "Hey, just go create
it all. We have our campaign plan. I've
approved it. It looks good. Create it
all." Or you can have checkpoints along
the way. This is how you think about
building things. You collect all of your
context or data. Well, it depends on the
job, right? But you collect all the
context in one place. And I don't mean
one physical place. I mean um a usable
place. It might be CRM for this kind of
stuff. It might be a different tool for
this kind of stuff. It might be a
spreadsheet for this kind of stuff. But
you have it all organized. You you you
can select what context gets used.
Either the agents making the selection
or you are going to pick what context
get used for a specific job. And you can
start building around that and you can
enrich that context with AI as well to
allow the agent that's doing the next
step of the job which in our example
here is creating the new campaign to
give it more context of what worked,
what didn't work, so it can it can
reason. I'm going to give you one more
example of this and if you have
questions, type them into the chat and
then um the the next section of this I'm
going to talk about how you go about
building these things out. But I want to
get one more example here just so we
have this completely locked in. And if
you have any confusion, just um let me
know and I'll I'll dive into answering
that. Um where am I at? Okay, here.
Let's pull this one up because I think
yeah, this is a great way a great
illustration. Okay, [snorts]
my Instagram,
I don't know if you guys know this, but
I'm an influencer now. That's right,
folks. Um, my Instagram, and I think I
talked about this the last time, has
been performing very well over the last
30 days, uh, I've gotten 3.7 million
views on Instagram. The 30 days prior, I
got like 10,000. Okay. [laughter]
30 days prior, I was not using the AI
agent I'm about to show you. So, there's
a big, you know, there's there's this is
I attribute the recent success to this
agent. I do I genuinely attribute it to
it. Now, I'll take some credit one
because I build it, but also I built the
process that I followed first that I had
the agent replicate, right? And that's a
big part of this. But let's cover what
this actually looks like in practice.
Okay, so here's my process. This is
built around my process that I was doing
manually. I post something on Instagram.
I looked at the data and I said, "Hey,
does the data suggest that this posted
like topic is pretty good, but wasn't
executed well enough to get a lot of
views or was this just a terrible idea?"
And then I would look at the data. I'd
make it have an opinion on it and I go,
"Okay, I should probably re-record this
video." And then I would the next time I
went to re-record this video, I'd be a
little more thoughtful about how I uh
re-recorded it to try to make it better.
And I'd use AI with the transcript of
the old video to try to like structure
it a little better. Then I reshoot the
video. Okay, that was like M's human
process and it was just all in my head.
I had had some best practices because I
was getting really focused on this thing
and I started seeing a little bit of
progress, a little bit of progress, a
little bit of progress. So then I built
this agent and what happens is I post
something on Instagram. That performance
data gets processed by two agents. One
is is to pull the best practices
out of every Instagram reel that I do.
if there are any. And then with those
best practices, it updates a best
practice document to make sure that we
have one source of truth of what seems
to be working, what seems not to work
for my content. That best practices
document gets used later, which I'll
show you. The other thing that happens
is my performance analysis AI agent
analyzes the data, the transcript, and
um looks at that and says, "Hey, should
we re-record this video or not? Is there
another topic or angle that we could
possibly take here?" And puts together a
little performance analysis. It's all
very data driven. not making any like um
it's not making any strategic
recommendations. Then what happens is my
content strategy agent every single
morning looks at the reels I posted the
last two days and then once a week it
does it for for the previous 14 days.
But every single morning, uh, it looks
at the reels that I posted two days
prior and based on the performance data,
the reports for each reel, and the best
practice document, sends me, here's the
videos you should record today.
Re-record this one. Here's a new topic
that I think would be good. Then
re-record this one here, too. Whatever
recommendations it makes. And I just
listen to my AI overlords and I publish
the video. Sometimes the video doesn't
do good. Sometimes it does. Incredible.
It just depends. And here's the beauty.
I know every time I shoot a video that
it's going to be caught by this system.
So, I actually don't care about how the
video performs because this system is
designed to figure out how to take any
goodness of that video to have me redo
it and then it'll do better. There's no
goodness. It'll just go away. I won't
redo it again. Then the system
self-learns because we pull out these
best practices. We update the best
practices document. Okay. So, let me go
back to how to really start thinking
about agents that you want to build. Uh,
before I do, I'm going to answer uh
Jay's question real quick here. Um, are
you saying that this all happens
autonomously after you've made a post?
Do you manually trigger it or is it a
sent to a repeating cron? Great
question. So, the Instagram agent I just
showed you happens um it is a cron job.
It happens on um or excuse me, it
happens at 1000 p.m. my time. I'm in
Pacific. I'm in the San Francisco Bay
area. And it does it for all of the
reels that were posted the day before.
So 10 p.m. it goes, so today's uh uh
Thursday. At 10 p.m. tonight, it's going
to look at all of the reels I posted
yesterday and do this type of analysis
for it. Um, how often can these
specialized agents uh perform before the
output begins to degrade? Um, the
outputs never degrade at all. I mean,
sometimes you get a bad output. I
wouldn't say it's degrading, meaning
like the quality of my outputs plural
get worse and worse over time. Um, in
fact, they some they really like more
get better over time because I have the
best practices document that keeps
updating it. So, I wouldn't say it
degrades, but sometimes it will give me
a suggestion that I'm like, ah, it's
whack. So, I won't do it. Um, and that's
fine, right? Like, I'm totally cool with
that. Just like if I had a human
employee who was doing this kind of
thing, I might say, "Eh, I don't want to
do that video, right?" It's the same
sort of thing. Um, cool. Yeah, thanks
for the question, Jay. Anyone throw in
questions if you have them. I'm happy to
dive into this stuff even more. Okay, so
let's go back to um like actually how do
we like how do we think through building
out an agent? And like I said, I help
organizations build these out. So, if
you have any questions, like you don't
have I'm not I tell people I'm not a
gumball machine. Shoot me a question if
you have a question. But if you would
like my support in building these
things, you can always reach out to.
It's kyleforest.com.
Um, but here is the here's how I go
about doing it. And and this is normally
what I would do with people first is I
do an AI opportunity matrix. And what
this is is you write out first with your
team. I'd like sit down with your
marketing team. Most of the agents I
built are sales and marketing related by
the way. Um, yeah, the vast majority of
them. Okay. So, you got your sales and
marketing team. You sit down with them
and you're like, "Hey, just write out
all the tasks you guys do that you spend
time on. Just every little task, meeting
with a customer, maybe um doing a sales
call, writing a follow-up email, uh
creating a campaign for an upcoming
webinar, like every little task that
they do, you write them all out and you
just get all of the tasks here. And then
once you have all of the tasks, and I
and by the way, when I say this, I mean
literally like a meeting where we do
this exercise, okay? um you get all
those tasks and if you're in person I I
used to do this in person um or I
shouldn't say I used to I would still do
it in person but uh I've done this
before in person which is fun because
you put it on a whiteboard and you have
all these sticky notes and then you
consolidate tasks u but if you do it
digitally you have write down all the
tasks you consolidate tasks are kind of
the same across different people and
then you start plotting them you're like
hey how much time does this take us oh
it's a lot of time and how frequent does
it happen okay it happens pretty
frequently okay great and then you grab
the next one you're like ah this doesn't
take that much time but it happens a ton
and what happens is these things all get
plotted and it's really quick and it
happens pretty frequently here your best
opportunity zone is in this area okay
the ideal thing is you're looking at
things that happen frequently and take a
lot of time now sometimes this task
can't be done by AI sometimes a part of
it can be done by AI other times the
entire thing can be done by AI you make
the decision
based on where all the task lands on
where you want to start and generally
you're going to start somewhere like in
this land kind of in this L I you know
usually if it's um low frequency low
time you're not going to do it very
often but like you kind of live in the
this area your biggest opportunities are
going to be up here obviously but
sometimes even if AI can do it it's very
sophisticated so I tell people to start
kind of in this L um so that's what I
what I recommend do this exercise with
the team it's a pretty simple one, it's
the I call it the AI opportunity matrix.
Time on the y ais axis um x on the what
am I talking about? The y ais is time,
the x axis is frequency. There we go. I
got it out there. Um that's what you do
and just plot the tasks and just work
with the team, think through it and go,
okay, you know what? We're going to
focus on webinars. So, one that I use is
I use um I follow a process to create
all the uh promotional material I need
to promote the webinars that I do every
single week, right? Um so, I have a
really structured process for that
because it takes a boatload of time
because we, you know, it's like four or
five promotional emails, we have
LinkedIn messages, all that. Okay, so
that's uh where you start. The next is
workflow design map. Oh, shoot. This is
the old version. Whatever it's Let me
just quickly change this. [snorts]
Please ignore
the man behind the curtain. Tools
needed. Okay. I don't want this red.
Okay. So, what this is here, and we're
going to go purple for this.
What this is is an AI workflow design
map.
Here is something important to know.
human workflows and AI and the AI
version of that workflow look very very
different. Okay, they look very
different and it's because humans chunk
steps together. So, let me explain that
a little bit better.
When you're a human, let's say, let me
come back to just me. Okay. Uh, welcome
back. So, I'm a human in case you didn't
realize that. Flesh and blood. I'm a
human. And as a human, I consider myself
a pretty sharp guy. I'm pretty fast to
do things. Let's go to the world before
AI. I have a webinar coming up. What
does Kyle do? I used to pay someone to
do this, but what does Kyle do if I had
to do it? I would sit there. I would
come up with what the topic of the
webinar is going to be. And then what I
would do is I would say, "Okay, great. I
got the topic. Let me write the
promotional emails." And I'd sit down
and write email one. Then I'd write
email two. And I'd write email three. I
know Jay's shocked to learn that I'm a
human. Um, I actually had somebody not
they were like, "Oh, is that an AI
background?" And the answer, in case you
were curious, is no. Um, when I was a
young man, I was very into video. And
once I got a little bit of money, I went
a little crazy. Okay. So, um, I the way
that I think about this is I'm the human
and I'm just going to sit down. I'm
going to see what the webinar is about.
I'm going to write the promotional
emails. I'm sure a lot of you here have
versions of that yourself where you're
like, "Yeah, once I know what the
webinar is about, I can just bang out a
a promotional email." Maybe you have a
little template you work off of,
whatever, but that's not actually what
you're doing.
You are coming up with what that email
should be about and then you are writing
the promotional email. But we do it
quickly in our minds. We blend those two
into one step because why am I going to
sit and just write out what every email
should be about when I'm just going to
go write the emails? I can do them like
just back toback. I don't need that
extra step. Now, if there was a handoff
between two different people, which
usually there isn't for this task, you
might have that kind of thing happen.
You might have a webinar brief that
includes what uh each email should be
about, right? So, that's now a task that
would be a one step. So, let's go back
to our thing. That would be one step for
the human, one step for the human, but
that is probably going to be two AI
steps. Step one will be coming up with a
concept for that email. And step two,
which would go in this area, would be
the uh writing of that email. And by the
way, in my system, that's how I have it
broken out. The uh the AI will write a
concept for the email of what it thinks
it should be about. And I have a skill
that's really specific on how to do
that. And then the output is that
concept goes to the writer email who
understands what the webinar is about,
has the concept of the first email, also
has all of the information on how we
write promotional emails, and then
writes the promotional emails. Now,
here's the next part of this that's
important. What human checkpoint, if
any, should happen during this step.
Early on, you have you tend to lean
towards more human checkpoints and less,
by the way. And uh one of the things
with agentic workflows because you have
an agent that agent based on your
feedback can update a document just like
the best practice document I showed you
for the AI agent one. It's the same
principle updates a document with the
types of edits that the kind of a
feedback Kyle has given and then can do
a check against that document saying
like hey does any of this feedback is it
possible that Kyle would give this kind
of feedback to this thing? If so rewrite
it and then you can start to remove the
human checkpoint. I'm getting ahead of
myself but you get the idea. human
checkpoint. Early on, you're gonna have
a lot of them. Personally, I check the
concepts for the promotional emails
before they're read. Okay, that's a
human checkpoint. What context is needed
to do this well is the next part. So, in
order to do this step well, what context
is needed? What the webinar is about.
That's important. So, I call that the
webinar brief. The webinar brief is
required. Um, what other context is
needed? examples of other promotional
emails that we've written and do some
sophisticated stuff with editing that is
in there too. You get the idea. What
context do we need to be able to do this
job? Well, what the mistake a lot of
folks make and I'm saying this for the
people who are a bit earlier in their
journey of using AI. Uh the mistake that
a lot of people make is they just give
all the context they can. It gives as
much context as possible. You open up
the project uh in Claude and it's like
oh yeah, we have 40 documents in here.
It's like 10,000 pages or whatever.
Yeah, that's extreme, but you get my
point. More context is often worse.
Sometimes it's better. Rarely, very
rarely. Usually, the tighter your
context, the better it is. There are
exceptions of this. There's also agentic
ways of of uh creating kind of a packet
of context that you can do that's way
more advanced. Uh but generally, what I
see people do that's a mistake is they
just shove a bunch of stuff in the
context window and start doing
questions. and it might work okay uh but
the consistency of your results are
going to be worse over time. And if you
have a question about that, please write
the question because I have a really
cool visual to explain why that is. Um
if you want me to dive deeper, it'll be
fun to pull that visual up. Okay. Then
finally, this is the one you saw me add
here that I um I accidentally clicked on
the wrong version of this. Uh is tools
needed? What tool? Okay. And a tool
might be uh Google search or whatever
web search. It could be CRM, whatever it
is. What tools are needed in order to do
this step? So, what you do after you
have your task is you literally sit
down. You take a screenshot of this and
you go, "Okay, what how do you do the
task today, human?" I walked you through
my Instagram one. Boom, boom, boom,
boom. Here are all the steps Kyle took.
And now, what would it take to get AI to
do this? Okay, we're going to have two
steps here because a human's actually
doing two things. Okay, you see why it's
kind of useful to have somebody who has
experience building out these things to
help you with this step here. And then
where do you want the human checkpoints?
Is there a learning part of this
process, too?
um what context needed tools they got.
You get the idea. Okay. And then the
last one is actually a really simple
one. It's called the context readiness
check for all of the context that you
want. Is it ready? Does it need prep?
Does it need to be generated? Right? If
we go back to my uh thing here, oh uh
what was the other? Ah, I closed out of
it. If you remember the thing that I
showed you where um it had the the
campaign strategy agent and it was like,
"Oh, here's the campaign summary. Here's
a campaign performance report that's
generating. It's like, hey, we need a
campaign performance report. In order to
do this, well, that's the context
required. It might need generating. So,
we need to make sure we have a a
workflow built that's just a workflow
where it's like, hey, here's the data.
Give us back a report on what this data
says about the performance of this
campaign, right? Or it needs to be
created. Hey, us as a humans, we need to
create this thing. And for every
context, you do this. And then depending
on where you're at, you just color this
uh you know, you you make it the color.
These are grayed out because none are
selected. You select one, just change
the color of it. Okay. So, that's how I
go about thinking through what should we
build an agent around. And what's nice
is if you do my uh AI opportunity
matrix, you are going to land on a task.
And I that's why I tell you this little
L here, right? You're going to land on a
task that is probably simple enough. I I
lean you towards that to where you can
get a pretty decent lift just from a
small thing. It's like, hey, if we can
just build out a better way to write the
promotional emails for our webinar
that's coming up, that's going to save
us a good amount of time. It might not
be groundbreaking.
You might have something up here that's
super messy and crazy and it's like
gosh, like I can't even start to think
about how AI would be able to do this.
And that's honestly, this is probably
your biggest value opportunity. If it's
messy and crazy, gosh, it's probably
really tied to revenue in some way. And
you might want to sit down and think
through how you can do that. It's going
to be a lot more complicated, but if you
can get that done right at a quality
level that makes sense, and it's going
to radically change your business. And
you can have human checkpoints along the
way to keep things rained in. You can
train that system over time so it gets
better over time, etc. Okay, so now I'm
going to transition here to some Q&A.
Um, I'd also love to get a little check
in here. if you can comment. Has this
been help? Just comment yes if this has
been helpful for you. Uh no if it
hasn't. [laughter]
Um hopefully no I don't get any nos but
I just want to check in with you guys
make sure that everyone's getting value
out of this. Okay so I'm going to go to
this question from uh from Jay here. Uh
what measure do you have in place to
ensure that your AI continues to
improve? Like for example you provide
feedback today to an output that was
provided. How are you ensuring new
feedback is being implemented to all
future sessions? Okay this is a great
question. Um, okay.
There's a couple of ways to do this.
When it comes to the Instagram agent,
remember this is coming to me. I see it
and I generally know. So, I can tell
like, oh, yeah, this is actually just
really good or it's using some best
practice because I I've been following
this thing. So, I know. I do not have a
check for this. Um, I just personally
know it is. Um, also assuming your
system prompt for the agent that's going
to be using the learnings, right? That
docu that best practice document has
instruction around how to use those
learnings, you can feel pretty confident
it's going to use those learnings in
that way. As long as you've tested it in
the very beginning to know that it is it
it is improving the results and you do
that just by human testing. So, back up
for a second. Instagram agent Kyle does
it because I just see it all the time.
Now, what if it's a task where I don't
see it all the time and I just want to
make sure that it's improving. This is
where eval come into place. So, what you
do is you use a model uh you keep that
model the same ideally or you have to um
and that model like let's say you're
using uh Gemini 3.1 flash you use that
model you give it a rubric that you used
to score the output. So, the human sits
down. You, if you want to do this, I'll
tell you how to do it properly. You can
cheat and skip the step I'm about to
tell you. Um, but this is how you do it
properly. The human sits down. It scores
based on a rubric that you create. It
scores 200 outputs. And it meaning the
human, the human scores 200 outputs
based on that rubric. Then you write a
prompt. It's called an eval. The that
prompt is going to evaluate those
outputs. You take the same output set
that the human scored. You run it
through the eval prompt. You're not
going to get a 100% same score. What
you're looking for is about 80%. So if
our evals are tracking about 80%
um of the same accuracy of the human,
we're in good land. Okay? Things are
going well. If it's higher than that,
freaking incredible. Um then you don't
change that model because that will
change how it gets scored. You'd have to
redo that little process. uh but you run
that eval
uh on all outputs or a subset or you run
it periodically on a certain set of
outputs however you want to do it and um
if you do it on all outputs you can see
a trend if um performance is improving.
So that's the data driven way of doing
it if you want to implement it that way.
Hopefully that was helpful Jay let me
know if you have a follow-up there. Um I
need to know how to give agents
automated access to my data. A lot of um
tools just have connectors by the way.
So if you go to um like claude or chatbt
they have connectors and those
connectors will connect to Gmail uh air
table whatever it is and that will do a
lot of the heavy lifting. Um you can
also just ask AI how to do that helpful.
Great to see how other people approach.
All right cool. Yeah thanks Deacon. Um
do you run uh do you run consensus
consensus andor workflows in parallel to
develop verify output optimization and
performance? Um so this is a similar
question if I'm understanding you right
as as to Jay's. Um I guess I don't
really know workflows in parallel to
verify output optimization performance.
I don't know what you mean by in
parallel. Do you mean like to for every
single output do we run run through the
thing? Um I mean the answer is depends
on on the workflow like we have um in
sales thread we do do some of this. Uh
we also do I mean you're I think if I
remember right Deacon you were the one
who was actually pretty advanced in this
stuff. Um, we do we have a dreaming we
we we have a dreaming implementation
within the sales tool that uh the LLM
dreams every three days. And uh I can
actually show you what that looks like.
Um but so it depends Degan if I
understood your question right but if I
didn't just uh correct me. I'll show you
guys this. You might like this is a fun
if you want to nerd out about AI for a
minute here since there's no other
questions I'll pull this up.
So Sales thread is basically um you're
building the company's sales brain.
Okay. And uh there's a bunch of agent
stuff that we built to do that. Let
[snorts] me go back to the screen.
Okay. So, here's how that works. We have
a sales call transcript, right? That
comes through. And what we have done uh
we recently implemented the dreaming. Uh
it's actually not live in production
yet. We're still testing it, but it's
it's going to be live soon. Uh AI
extracted structure data. So, what we're
doing is for every transcript, we're
we're extracting data. how well the
sales rep performed in certain skills,
uh what objections came up and how the
uh the sales rep responded to those
objections, red flags and green flags
for the deals, a whole bunch of stuff.
We basically like analyze the out
of this sales call. We we map all of
these to the deal. The deal has multiple
sales calls. All stuff is gets mapped.
We call that deal memory. Hey, here's
everything that's important about this
deal. It's deal memory. Then we have
agents that have limited uh context to
just that deal. So that way you can um
always work with the agent. It has
perfect memory of that deal. Okay. Then
what we added was call transcript. We
had let the AI make observations. Okay.
Those observations are things like hey
this competitor came up and they said
that they suck in this area or um the
sales rep brought up this case study. It
was a really good case study. It seemed
to be relevant to the customer. Right?
All of those things. And we let we give
the LLM some breath here. the LLM just
is looking at or the agent is looking at
it and it makes an observation. Boom,
here's an observation. Boom, here's an
observation. That all gets saved in a
database. Each individual observation
and then every three days we dream. It
cracks me up that they I didn't make up
the term dream. I think it was more of
like an anthropic thing. I forget who
came up with it originally. It's silly
to call it this, but this is, you know,
we have to have cool names for stuff and
dream is a cool name. Uh, what's
happening here is the every three days
we dream. And what that looks like is we
take all new observations and we go,
hey, for this observation, does it match
or similar to any other observations and
is there enough here to to really say
like, hey, this is a signal that we
should save to core memory.
And that happens every three days. New
observations come in. We look to see
should any of this be a memory and then
boom, we save it into core memory if it
if uh it should be there. And this could
be details about your sales process,
details about your company, uh
competitors, case studies, etc., Right?
A lot of different things that it can
be. And that's the current
implementation we have of of uh
dreaming.
Okay. Let me go back to my screen here.
Uh all right, let me try to zoom in
here. Okay. Run a new agent with two
different LLM models to recognize output
and sometimes the same agent running
three instances. Same to verify the
output is consistent. Scoring on
performance doesn't vary. I use
constraints for guardrails but have
noted some floating when running the
same agent repeatedly and I use that
info to improve guardrails. Got it. Um,
we do not do that. No, I'm familiar with
uh with that process, but we do not do
that in any of the stuff that we build.
It depends on like the how sophisticated
you need the agent to be. So, I I would
imagine Deacon just based on that
question because it's pretty deep. Um,
like deep meaning like deep technical
like you clearly understand how to build
these systems. Um, I imagine you're
working on like some pretty hard
problems. If you think about like what's
a marketing workflow, like it's a lot
simpler than than that sort of uh sort
of stuff. Um
very creative using session.
>> Yeah. Cool. Thanks, Degan. I appreciate
that. That's um Yeah, [clears throat] I
I like So I interact like I'm just
assuming you're a technical person. I'm
I'm assuming that you're like a engineer
or something. Um, I interact with a lot
of people like Deacon who have a deep
understanding of how these systems work.
And I mean, Deacon, you're probably more
experienced in this stuff uh than me.
Yeah. Just nerding out on this kind of
stuff. Um, [clears throat] so like I I
try to surround myself with people like
that. It's helpful. I don't think
everybody here on this call needs to get
super crazy deep into AI. Like I go
super deep into stuff just in general.
It's my personality. I like to nerd out
about stuff. Um, so I do. And you know,
I also like because I have this a very I
can I can go deep and I have technical
knowledge of stuff. Uh and hopefully you
guys have seen that today. Like I have a
good way of being able to simplify it
for people. Like I can explain how these
systems work and how they should work
without going into the crazy like nuance
of of how it actually works. Um so
hopefully that's useful for everybody
here, but I try to surround myself by a
lot of like super nerdy people. But um
yeah, anyway that was cool to see. What
AI tool do you use? I get asked this a
lot. So I use a lot of them. I switched
actually. I'm curious, Deacon, what
you're using currently as like your
normal LLM, like daily driver. I'm back
to Chat GPT personally, which is kind of
wild. I went on this crazy loop-de-loop.
Um, and I'll just kind of give you a
breakdown of the AI tools that I've
using. Uh, the first tool, uh, if if I'm
like working, I'm using Chat GBT.
Um, if I'm doing like I'm like really
big into I that this sounds crazy if
you're like looking at me. I'm very big
into fitness. I have a crazy home gym
that I love. Uh I've lost um about 120
pounds. I'm really into like fitness and
nutrition for like the past couple of
years. And um so like that kind of
stuff, I use Chat GBT in a project and
like all that stuff because it's really
fun. Um but for like my daily like if
I'm just chatting with you, I'm like,
"Oh, let me figure out what that is."
And I'll go like look something up, I'll
use Grock. And the reason why is because
Grock has access to X. So this real
time's information is really current.
And I like that because I don't always
ask like a real time like a question
that needs real-time information, but
when I do it's I can like Grocket is the
one that has the best answer. So I just
default all like quick things to Grock.
Um so that's uh that's uh what I use
there. Um I also use codeex. So that
that's actually why I started moving
back is I was a big Claude guy for a bit
and then Codex I thought was performing
better with coding. So, I started using
Codex a lot more and that and I think uh
GPT 5.5 is a strong model. Uh and also
the limits on clot are just insane. So,
I just I've just spun around. I was
using Gemini for a really long time back
when they were the top. You need to be
able to switch is sort of my point. I'm
basically dancing around this question
[laughter]
because I'm like telling you my journey.
Uh I use chat GPT the most which shocks
me by the way. It was like my least
favorite for a very long time. Uh I also
like Perplexity Computer. I'm moving a
bit away from those tools. um like the
the like orchestration layer tools. I
just find them to be overkill when I
could build a lot of the stuff myself.
I'm starting to use um I used to use
make.com to build a lot of workflow
automations and for like the simple
stuff. A lot of the stuff that we do um
is what the customuilt stuff like that.
We'll still do that stuff, but for
simple stuff, I'll use make.com. I'm
starting to test out and use Gum Loop.
If anybody here has experience with
that, that'd be cool to hear if you like
it. seems like it's going to do
everything I want. The agentic workflows
is a really important part of all this
for me is I want to be able to do more
agentic workflows because there's
certain I used to be a bit against like
shoving an agent on everything. Uh but
there's specific points where I think
having an agent is really useful. Um and
Gum Loop seems to be able to do that
really well. Um okay, let's go Jay. And
thank you Michelle. I appreciate that.
Um okay, [clears throat] another
question. Sorry for being so chatty. No,
no, I love chatty. I'm chatting. Um, how
much autonomy have you given to your AI?
What I've done, the AI has its own
brain. When it has its understanding of
my brain, then it has understanding like
what I might want need. Are there any
instances where you've allowed the AI
autonomy to make decisions on your
behalf? No. Never. Sorry, Jay. Kill kill
your your vibe here. Um, no,
[clears throat] I don't. Um, now look,
like I will like I'm happy to use clawed
code to like make a website and just
say, "Hey, can you go change this thing
on the website?" I like relatively trust
it. But anything that's important, I'm
not I do not want to do. I'm assuming,
Jay, for what you're talking about too,
you're probably doing the um are you
doing like the Obsidian thing, the wiki,
the internal wiki, the self-learning
thing from what is it? Andre uh uh
Capathy, Capathy, Carpathy, Carpathy,
Carpathy, that guy. Um anyway, I don't
um I also So that's really cool. I love
what like the the personal wikis, the
personal brain stuff. I love all that. I
am not super organized. So I can set
that thing up. I will never remember to
like add something to my wiki. It's just
not how I'm wired. I don't have a to-do
list. I can't. I never check it. And
then like I have infinite to-dos. I'm
like, "Oh yeah, I have a whole to-do
list I never look at." So like if I need
a task done, I put it in my calendar.
I'm very much of like I just I'm what's
in front of me, I'm doing that thing
that's in front of me. Oh, what does my
brain say to do next? I do the thing
next. It's not awesome, by the way. Um
like I'd much prefer to be all cool with
like second brains and stuff. It's just
I know know thyself as they say and I
know my thyself. Um okay, Deacon Claude
desktop notebook LM to break down PDFs
file for uh for agents. Gemini for gems
and repeated research. Okay. And then
chatb for consensus testing, cursor for
coding, but claude code is better. uh at
certain code work. Okay, that's cool. Um
yeah, I imagine uh actually I'd be
curious, Deacon, are you using because
you're using cursor for coding. I
imagine that you're pretty um some
people I talked to are like, "Oh, I do
everything through CO cla."
I imagine the people I talked to who use
cursor are a little bit more like
intentional about what they ship. I'm
just curious like why you use both of
them. Um [clears throat] if you if you
mind sharing, bummed to come in late.
Any potential recording days? No worries
either way. Uh yeah, the recording
usually gets posted if you email me. I
I'll also send it to you if you can't
find it on the website, but it usually
gets posted in like a day or two. It's a
good one. You should probably listen to
it. Um are you going to show how you
actually build an agent in chatbt or
cloud? No, I'm not going to walk through
that because it's so situational. Um and
also just depends on what you want to
build and stuff. It's situational. It's
long. It's gonna your eyes are going to
glaze over. In order to build an agent
really well, you have to understand what
context you want. Um, that's why I
covered some of the framework oriented
stuff today. Um, and there's just a lot
of decisions that you have to make to do
it well. I debated doing that. Maybe one
day I will, but it's going to feel so
tutorial and very specific to that one
situation. It's not going to translate
very well, so I just don't do it. Um,
and for like [clears throat] in chat GPD
or Claude, like I think you're really
just going to focus on building a set of
skills that does a task for you and then
you'll have a, you know, like a prompt
that triggers those skills or you'll set
it up as a reoccurring job or something
like that. Um, uh, even if I set up
Sweet
Oh, that's fun, Jay. So, Jay built a
little, um,
uh, agent that does trading for him.
That's cool. I've thought about spending
a weekend doing that. Um, actually, if
you guys want to nerd out about AI a
little bit, um, I'd be curious if any of
you have any ideas on this. So, my wife
owns Here's the problem, not the
problem, here's the the situation. My
wife owns a balloon business. So, she
does balloon arches and garlands. And
so, people will come in, they have a
party or corporate event. They send in
an inquiry and they're like, "This is
what I want." She goes back and forth
with them to finalize what they want.
Sends them a quote and then they pay.
She goes, does the setup or what she has
employees her employees go set the thing
up, tear it down, all of that. I'm
considering spending like a full couple
of weeks just doing AI
explosion in within her balloon
business, Poptastic Parties. So, if you
have any idea on how a um balloon
business can use agents, throw them in
the chat and I might uh build it. Um,
okay. Deacon here. I write I use AI
agent optimize if it's a big chunk of
repetitive code like MCC AI build first
review edit then run. Okay. Yeah, that's
that's like any real developer does this
uh by the way. So, if you read his
thing, like every any like hardcore
devel unless they're getting a bunch of
pressure from their boss to um uh to
like just vibe code the out of
everything. Like this is like the
reasonable workflow. And I have to
remind people like LLMs are they're
they're predicting the next token. And
it's so oversimplified when I say that.
And I get a lot of hate when I do, but I
think there's so much so many people
going crazy the other direction like
it's all knowing and it's
incredible that I think I'm allowed to
just be like, "Hey guys, by the way,
it's just p predicting the next token.
It's incredible that it can do that.
It's incredibly powerful. It's a really
important tool. I think it's going to do
a lot of good." But I think there's so
many people who are going the other
direction that I think I need to be a
voice of reason. Uh any like quality
developer knows this. Um, and and
actually every developer kind of knows
this and they'll they'll be honest about
about, hey, I I like really shouldn't be
trusting the LLM to do all of this stuff
for me, but I get so much pressure. And
some developers I talked to, they're um
uh their bosses look at token uses as a
metric of productivity, which is crazy.
I think now they're starting to move
away from that. But anyway, uh different
agents have different strengths
depending on the output I want and the
code type. Interesting to see how the
different models are starting to to
specialize somewhat. Yeah, I think
that's what probably you're going to see
more of that. This is for everybody just
to translate here. Um, different models
tend to be a little bit better at
certain things and um there who knows
what ends up happening. It could go a
path where like all models are kind of
equally as good. Um, but most likely
that's not the case. You have to think
like if you're using a coding agent, you
it's not just the LLM. It's not just the
model. Oh, I'm using 4.7. Like this
should be incredible. It's not that.
It's actually the harness. It's uh which
is um like think about the the um an
agent harness is the application layer
that helps the agent be able to do
anything. So let's say you want to do a
um let's say you want to pull data from
a CRM using an LLM. The like chatbt the
LLM part the model part isn't literally
logging into your CRM and grabbing the
data. What it's doing is the LLM outputs
something you never see. It's like it
almost looks like code. code. It's like
a JSON thing. Um, it outputs something
that you never see. The application
layer picks it up, recognizes it as a
tool call, runs the code to call to get
the data that you're requesting in the
tool call, right? Because it understands
that format that got outputed because a
tool call is like a fixed thing. Um,
comes out goes and grabs that data for
the LM gives the data to the LLM and
then the LLM now has that in its context
window and then give you the output that
you're looking for, right? So that
harness is really important and the
different tools that you use their
harnesses are good and bad. Like
sometimes people complain like, "Oh,
cloud code got shitty all of a sudden."
It's usually because they made a tweak
to the harness, not because the model's
getting worse. Um, okay. Anyway, enough
of that, whatever that was. Um,
and yeah, Sean, this is what I'm
thinking about, too. Like, there is she
gets an inquiry and people want to talk
about what that job looks like. I think
there's probably a good opportunity. And
what's cool is I could probably build
this out in Slack where it's like, "Hey,
she said this. I'm thinking of
responding with this." Yes. Or do you
want me to change that she can say, "Oh,
no, actually say this instead." And then
boom, it goes and sends it. Um, so yeah,
I'm I'm glad I popped in your head, too.
Um, I also built a Donald J. Trump truth
social scraper so I can buy stocks of
company. Oh my god, Jay. Next level.
Next level. Oh, I love that, man. We're
all going to be rich. Everyone just
follow Jay's lead. Jay, I just follow
your trading strategies. Um,
okay. So, the agentic workflow is just a
scheduled task with skills. Not quite.
Um, that's part of it. Um, it gets
triggered by something, but let me just
go real quick. Um,
oh, I don't actually have it um
diagrammed in that way. Okay. So, let me
I'll explain it real quick. I might take
one more question, then I got to jump.
Okay. Um, agentic workflows. Something
will trigger it. It could be I trigger
it or it's a it's a scheduled job. What
makes it an agentic workflow versus a
regular workflow? Like what you just
said? If you said, "So the AI workflow
is just a scheduled task with skills."
Yes. Oh, do this and then run this
skill, this skill, this skill, this
skill. That is a workflow. And a gentic
workflow is when instead of a skill,
it's an agent that can do different
things depending on the output that it
gets. so it can come up with maybe a
little bit of a plan or you know we call
it the happy path isn't matched where
it's like oh I was expecting um an email
concept that was at this level of
quality but it's not so I'm going to go
back and rerun this with some feedback
and redo the uh email concept to make
sure that it's at the quality level it
needs to before passing this off to
another step of my workflow that writes
the email. So, the only difference
between like an AI workflow and an
agentic workflow is an AI workflow is
fixed and if it gets a shitty output
from like an email, like a shitty email,
excuse me, email concept from the prompt
before, it's just going to write a
shitty email. When you add an agent
there, the agent can reason if this is
good or not good because it's part of
its job. And then if it's not good, have
it rerun and the agent can make some of
those decisions that you as a human
would normally make. So, hopefully that
was helpful. helpful. Um, okay, cool.
All right. Well, that's it. Thank you
all so much. There's a lot you can be
doing on a uh Thursday. You chose to
spend it with little old me. If you have
any questions, never hesitate to reach
out. Like I said, I'm always um like
open to being helpful to folks. You
don't have, you know, you don't have to
pay me for every question that you have.
Shoot me an email if you're struggling
with something. I'm more than happy to
help. And if you ever need any support
yourself, you know where to find me.
Thank you so much. I'll see youall next
week. Bye.
