Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Kyle Vamvouris",
  "channel_name": "Vouris",
  "video_id": "MhjWcmDtHEc",
  "title": "Build a self learning marketing AI Agent ( I used this to get 2.5M views in 30 days)",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhjWcmDtHEc",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1279,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Uh, today's going to be great because
we're going to be talking about an AI
agent that I built uh, for me. And
that's generally the best AI agents you
are going to build are the ones that are
built around a workflow that you were
doing and um, helps you do that workflow
or does that for you or does parts of it
for you. All right. Little thing though,
what what to expect here. So, this is a
unique one because I'm going to be
walking through something that I built.
Uh, this is an AI agent that I used that
the
purpose of this AI agent is all around
Instagram, but this could be used for
any social media platform. You just have
to change uh, change some stuff. So,
yeah, the feed is a bit laggy. It's cuz
I have a thousand tabs open. So, I'm
going to start solving that problem and
then hopefully things um,
kind of get back in good shape. Um,
okay. [clears throat]
So, here's here's a story. I'm going to
tell you the story while I'm closing out
some tabs here.
But, here's the story. This is what
happened. I uh, have been posting on
Instagram for a while and I am a
presenter at heart. I was a theater kid.
Uh, I love
video and I just have never had much
success with it, which is so sad. Um,
and what I did was I was focusing on I
was just doing all of this content on
Instagram. None of them performed very
well and the frustration with that is
you don't really have much to go off of
in terms of oh, this seems to perform
well. This seems to perform not so well.
I'm going to do more of what performed
well. And since I don't have that much
to go off of, I'm just sort of flying
blind, just creating content like a big
weirdo. Hopefully it works out. Um,
actually comment uh, if you could
comment which uh, channels you currently
use for social media, LinkedIn, X,
Instagram, TikTok, like just share with
me a little rundown of what how you guys
are creating content. Um,
and then also just one sentence of like
is it working well or not for you. Um,
okay. So, it was not working well for
me. And I'm going to show you an
example. I'm actually going to go
through
um, some of my
Instagram so you can get get a sense of
what things looked like. And there's a
big turning point for me, which I'm
going to uh, show you. Okay, so looks
looks like we have some
YouTube and LinkedIn. It's working very
well. Great LinkedIn. Okay, great. Good
to hear. This will work for that, too.
Just the data you're looking at is
different. Okay, I'm going to share my
screen here. And we are going to dive
right into sort of how I stumbled upon
doing this, how I built this agent, and
then the overall outcome that has come
from that.
And I have a guide that you could use
with AI to build this out yourself. It
is a bit of of a hassle. It is not the
easiest one to build.
And because of that, like the guide is
the best I can do, but I don't have like
a really great like step-by-step do this
exact thing cuz it's a little bit
complicated cuz you're working with the
meta API and that's got sometimes a
monster to get going. But but the guide
is very detailed and you can use it with
AI and you can build this out yourself.
Just know that you're signing up for a
project. Okay, so let me just give you a
quick rundown of what was happening.
So, I've been creating content for a
really long time
>> [snorts]
>> and I switched my content up for to be
more AI-oriented. For those of you who
know me well know that
I have a really strong sales background.
I've built 87 sales teams. I've
>> [clears throat]
>> I've worked directly with founders, CEOs
of software and service companies for a
really long time and mostly around
go-to-market and the revenue functions.
And about I don't know, end of 2023,
kind of the big ChatGPT moment, I dove
really deep into AI and I learned a a
lot from AI builders that are
kind of here in the Bay Area. I live I
live in the San Francisco Bay Area. A
lot of my friends are AI researchers,
developers, things like that. So, I
learned a lot of very technical stuff
early.
So, I started doing this content around
AI and you could see here I'm getting
like every now and then I'd have one
that would do okay. That was a big
signal for me, but like 300 views, 600
views. Let me just see what else we got.
Like down here, 600, 300, 600,
75. Like we're maybe I'll get one with a
thousand and that was the first like big
signal, right? Like oh, I broke a
thousand views. Hey, that's the type of
video that went really well. 400, 700,
200, you get the idea. Okay, so I'm
doing these videos, most of them under a
thousand, but then something hit.
And I started realizing that oh, when I
talk about AI news, it did pretty well.
Like this was a thousand. So I did
another one, talked about Anthropic
here, that did 6,000. All right, let's
talk about the future of SaaS, it did
3,400. And then this one did 58,000
views. And I was like oh, this is going
well. It was all for me looking at the
data. I would go in, I would click on
the post on my phone, you get more data
on the phone, and I'd look at the
metrics and I'd go okay, like people
kind of skipped this video, my hook
wasn't very good, whatever it might be.
Okay, so I was going through that
process and I was manually looking at
the data and making changes to what I
was doing. And this was a big learning
for me. We got this big view here, a big
viewed video here. I was fired up about
that. And then look what starts
happening. You have 1,500 views, 2,400,
2,000, 18, 56. You get the idea. It
started doing better. This is me
figuring it out based on the data, hey,
I should reshoot this video with a
different hook or this topic seemed to
perform really well. Let me do a
different version of that topic and try
to make it better. Now I can learn from
the data. This one gets 17,000 views.
I'm like there you go, I'm finally
figuring something out here. And I'm
going through all of this.
And as I keep
kind of building out my own process,
it's starting to work. I go let me and
it was around this time, let me build an
AI agent to do the data analysis for me.
And that's what I'm walking you through
today, by the way. So I built this AI
agent and what that agent does is every
single day looks at the reels that I
posted the day before, looks at the
metrics and says hey, should Kyle
re-record this video or not? And if he
should, how should he change it? And
also based on the videos that we have
done, what other topics should Kyle
consider making a video about? That's
it. It's a pretty simple AI agent. I'll
walk you through how it works. It's kind
of a harder to set up than some of the
other stuff I built. I'm going to walk
you through kind of an overview of what
it looks like in a minute. Okay. So,
I built the AI agent somewhere around
here. I think it was probably like this
video here.
And you start listening to the AI
agent's feedback. And then this
happened. This video got 3.2
million views.
Now, I don't know about you. Okay, maybe
some of you guys are just influencers.
But for me, this was like
groundbreaking.
I was like, holy crap. I've never had a
video go viral in my entire life. And
here we are, a video of my face went
viral. 3. What is it? 3.2 Yeah, 3.2
million views. And you can see even
leading up to it, 47,000. Here's what's
interesting actually, you'll love this.
Um, right here, if you look, right,
people are confusing AI for con- uh
competence. This video, 18,000. The AI
told me to re-record it. The very next
day, I re-recorded it. This is nearly
the same video. I mean, it's different
words, cuz I I'm not a script guy. I
just kind of go off the cuff. Uh it's
kind of different words, but it's the
exact same video. It's the exact same
video. The agent was like, hey,
re-record this one. This one did really
well, but you need to make some tweaks
to it. And I just made the tweaks, and I
re-recorded the video, popped off.
That is insane. And over the past 30
days, I think it's like 3.6
Uh I'll even show you as we scroll up
here. You can just kind of look. You can
see like 67,000, 20,000, 56 uh hundred,
25,000, 2500. You can see like my video
the floor of these videos is a lot
higher.
Okay? That was huge for me. And then
I'll give you the real numbers here,
cuz I want to show you that this works.
And obviously, it works because it was
what I was already doing. A 3. uh 3.6
million views over the last 30 days.
You're not even going to be able to see
that, but you get the idea. You can
trust me. Okay.
That's a lot. That's radically changed
my focus, cuz I was like, oh wow, this
video short form video stuff is working
for me. And what's even crazier is I had
somebody and for those of you who really
know me well, you'll know this is wild,
too. I had somebody reach out to me from
like uh, it's like a $130 billion
company saying, "Hey, can you come in
and train my team on how to use AI?" And
I go and I train the team, the training
goes really well, and afterwards he goes
like, "Hey, um so uh you were just
working with this one department. I have
um kind of a sales team, too. We have
like 50 sales people, we have SDRs, AEs.
Uh I want them to start using AI more.
Do you have any experience on the sales
side?"
It's like, any experience? But my whole
career has been on the sales side. He
just found me from from Instagram. And
they paid me to do this training. It was
like a two-day training. It was four
hours. So, shocking the change. And
again, it was from this AI agent. So,
what is the AI agent? Uh I want to walk
you through uh how it works on a high
level, and then I'm going to show you a
couple of other things, and then we're
going to dive into the agent build out
so you can see how it works. And then at
the end of this, I'll give you a guide
and all of that cool stuff. Um oh, we'll
also do Q&A, too. If you type in your
questions now, I'll either answer them
quickly, or most likely what I'm going
to do is I'm going to answer them at the
end. Uh but okay.
So, here is let me reshare my screen.
Boom. Okay. So, right here, this is um
just an overview of how the agent works.
So, this is uh it's a it's a pretty
simple structure. I post [snorts] videos
on Instagram.
We collect performance data of those
videos, and we do this in two waves. The
first wave is um
10:00 p.m. the next day, we grab the
data from the Reels that I posted the
day before. Again, you can do this with
LinkedIn, you can do this with TikTok. I
chose Instagram.
That performance data we're getting from
the Meta API.
And I'll show you the spreadsheet that
stores it all in a minute.
Then we run that data with the
transcript of the video.
We run that data through a performance
analysis AI agent who reviews the data
and just outputs, "Here's what the data
says about this video's performance."
And I'll show you a bit of what that
output looks like in a minute. That
report happens for every reel that I
post. Remember, 10:00 p.m. it runs every
single reel that I posted the day
before. So, I posted four yesterday.
Today at 10:00 p.m., I'm going to have
four performance AI analysis AI agents,
or sorry, performance analysis reports
from the AI agent. Those four reports
are going to go to my content strategy
AI agent. The content strategy AI agent
takes all of the reports from the reels
from the day before. So, if it was four
reels like it was yesterday, it'll be
four. If it was one, it'll be one
report. And comes up creates a new
report that's that gets sent to me over
Slack saying, "Hey Kyle, this is what
you should do today.
Re-record this video cuz it performed
pretty well.
Um shoot this new video because it's a
similar topic that I think would be
useful for you to create and would
probably do well."
Now, in addition to that,
we have another AI agent that analyzes
the performance data and the transcript
and identifies best practices from that
reel. So, that reel comes through and
let's say the skip rate was really low.
So, like the hook would performed well.
This agent will log that that happened.
And then it updates its best practice
document. We actually need one more uh
arrow here.
Points back here because the um best
practice document
is uh part of the context of the
strategy agent as well, okay? And this
is now a living document that gets
updated over and over and over again,
right? With best practices. What I'm
doing is I'm building context. Can you
type yes or no in the chat
if you have a place where you are
collecting and storing context that gets
used by AI.
Just yes or no.
This might be your internal wiki that
you've plugged Claude into. This might
be a more sophisticated setup. This
might be CRM plus internal wiki plus
best practice documents. Just yes or no
if you have something like that. So yes
from Graham, no from Dean, no from
Grant. Okay, great. No from Jonathan.
Awesome. Graham, you're already ahead of
the curve. Katie, no. Okay, okay, you
guys are going to love this.
This is if if you're trying to use
Actually, if you could type in your role
in the chat, let me understand I want to
know if you're a founder or if you're if
you run a team or if you're an
individual contributor. Just give me a
sense of that, that'd be great. If you
are
if you run a department or run a
business,
this is going to be a really important
concept for you to understand.
Let's start here. There's there's five
levels of
maturity, AI maturity that I see with
organizations.
Let me just see real quick. Founder,
co-founder, CEO, founder. Okay, great,
great, great.
General manager, perfect. Okay, this is
all relevant to everyone in this room
or everyone who responded.
Okay, there's five levels of maturity
that a company has that I see. And for
those of you who don't fully know my
background because there are some new
people here, too.
A lot of my work today is around
building AI agents, AI infrastructure
for organizations. And part of that is
through my work with SalesThread, which
is a
A lot of what I'm about to show you kind
of built into SalesThread for the sales
org.
I also do a lot of work with marketing
orgs and and at a company level as well.
>> [clears throat]
>> Five levels of maturity. Level one is AI
literacy. This is when your team
understands how to use AI effectively
for individual work. They can give clear
instructions. This is the context you
might need, strong examples, and they're
able to use AI pretty well. And how I
look at this is when every team member
can identify the right AI use cases for
their role, start using AI, and then
improve their usage in order to do that
use case, we're in pretty good shape
here. It means they're using it well.
And [clears throat] it if you believe
you're in level one, like you that
you're pretty mature, not that like you
you suck at level one. If you feel like,
"Yeah, we do a pretty good job here."
just type in level one so I can have a
sense of Well, I'm going to ask you this
on every level, but if you feel like you
do level one stuff, your team does level
one stuff, good, just type in level one
yes or something. Um
And by [clears throat] the way, you can
be doing some things from level three
really well and bad in level one, that's
possible. It's not uh it's not linear.
Okay, level two is context
infrastructure. This is the part that I
want to get to that I was talking about
earlier. Uh this is the part that almost
nobody is doing. One person in this chat
who commented said that they were doing
some level of this. And this is when a
company organizes the knowledge, the
data, the examples, source material,
everything AI needs in order to do work,
okay?
And how I know you're doing this well is
when you have like a trusted, current,
accessible context for your sales team,
for your marketing team, for other areas
of the organization, and you're keeping
this up to date, and AI agents and AI
workflows can use that context in order
to do whatever work that you want it to
do. Uh that's how I know. And if you
feel like you're doing this pretty well,
type in uh level uh two. Uh but let me
look here. So, level one, level one.
Okay, a few of you feel like you're
doing this work well. Great.
Perfect. Um level three is AI workflow
design. This is a very, very critical
part.
We all have a workflow that we do. So,
let's take a marketer for example. A
marketer will look at some SEO data,
say, "Hey, I'm going to do this topic."
and then they're going to write a blog
post about the topic. That's a workflow.
Okay, that's what I would expect that
person to if that's their job, I would
expect them to do that job. Well, for
that person to use AI is now different.
This is an AI workflow design, not human
workflow design. Because I might
uh as a human look at the uh at the
topics.
I'm I'm doing a process to determine
which topic I'm going to pick. If I want
AI to do that, that's a separate step
now. We're analyzing the SEO data.
And then we're probably also going to
give it access to current our our
company's SEO performance on our own
blog. And then we're going to have it
follow some kind of system that the
human is just doing cuz they know it,
they're an expert, to pick the topic for
me.
And then I might approve the topic as
the human when before I was coming up
with it or I was picking from a big long
list. Um and I was just using my
intuition on which one to pick.
I might choose a topic and then I'm
going to write an outline for that blog
post. Well, with AI,
I might have the outline and the ideas
for the blog images happen at the same
time instead of it being later. Because
it would make sense cuz I'm going to
have a human improve both the outline
and the images so then I can generate
the blog and generate the images and
then it comes together, human reviews,
and then it publishes. So you think a
bit differently. Okay, and I'm going to
show you an example in a minute of of
what a workflow looks like. Um that's
workflow AI workflow design. This is
thinking about your current workflow and
not just having prompts, right? Level
one was like, "Hey, I got prompts to do
this kind of stuff well." But you
actually have workflows where some of
the outputs of one part of the workflow
becomes the input for the next AI agent
to work with. Type in level three if you
feel like you have a pretty good handle
on AI workflow design in your
organization.
And then find uh last two here is AI
operations. So this is when you have
embedded workflows that work alongside
your team. So for example, with the blog
I just mentioned, that is a workflow
that gets kicked off. A lot of that
happens without the human having to do
anything and there's a human checkpoint
along the way to actually make sure
nothing goes off the rails, right? Uh
you have those types of things built in.
You're using these AI workflows, you're
measuring the performance, the human is
providing feedback on the outputs.
Um,
we we're going to talk a little bit
about today how you would take that
feedback and then you would refine the
process. Uh, if you feel like you have a
good handle like, yeah, we do have a lot
of this stuff figured out. Um, remember
level three, just give you the
difference. Level three is you're doing
this way doing this like a manual thing
where it's like, oh, yeah, we have this
workflow and we're using AI all
throughout it and we understand that our
workflow looks different with AI and
this is like, hey, we have a lot of this
stuff automated. We have fixed
workflows. What's nice about level four,
type in level four if you're there.
What's nice about level four
is when you have these in place, the
human is there for their judgement and
their decision-making.
But the work gets done by the LLM. Makes
that human much more effective, but also
if that human quits and you have to hire
a new person,
you already have a strong baseline of
that work quality because you built the
AI system around that workflow, okay?
That's level four.
Uh, level five is agentic execution.
If type in level five if you feel like
you have agents like really working on
on meaningful work for you.
Um, this is like we have agents that can
manage complex work and there's a big
difference that I'm going to go through
in a minute, but it plans, it decides,
and the outputs are are genuinely useful
and it's it's a job to be done. I see a
lot of AI use that um, is more just
helping the human do the work better,
not necessarily doing the work for the
human. And this is how you want to be
thinking about it. This is the level
five. All right, let me just review
where we're at. Okay, so five, perfect.
Two, some things at four, just starting
at level three. Okay, beautiful level
three, got it. Okay, great. Yeah, it's
not uncommon for some folks to be, uh,
you know, pretty decent at level five,
not so decent at level two. I will say,
if you feel like you're doing level five
really well, but you don't have strong
context in- infrastructure,
I would argue that you're probably not
doing it all that well.
Cuz the context is the important piece.
So, let me show you a visual
representation of this.
So, context infrastructure, how we're
storing the context that AI agents and
workflows use in order to do work.
Uh it comes from two places, structured
data, this is like from a CRM,
and then AI extracted intelligence, and
that's the part that a lot of people
miss. So, for example,
let's [clears throat] say you want to
uh use an AI agent to uh make
recommendations on what's the next
marketing campaign you should run. Maybe
you're going to maybe you do like a
monthly campaign and there's a big email
thing, whatever.
Well, part of that's going to be how
have our previous performance uh how has
our previous marketing campaigns
performed, right? That's the structured
data, the performance numbers, and then
the copy and the materials, the assets
that you used in that marketing
campaign. That's structured data, you
just pull that from the CRM, right?
Then there's the AI extracted
intelligence.
This is, let me analyze the data and the
performance,
and then see
why we think this went well or did not
go well. That's now AI extracted
intelligence, which lives in your
context infrastructure. Another version
of this would be
um
we
we look at our our customer calls, like
let's say we're doing customer success
calls, and we pull out words from the
customer
and go, "Okay, great. Well, we're we're
extracting
AI extracted intelligence, we're
extracting the words of the customers as
it surrounds this pain point or this
problem, and that's useful context for
us to create our marketing campaigns."
Okay, that's context infrastructure,
having that stuff stored. And when you
have that, two things come out of it.
You can build AI job workflows, so do
this job, and this is a you have fixed
context that you have planned on having
the LLM use,
uh and that leads to a specific output.
So, we have fixed context. We chose when
we built the workflow what context is
necessary. And then there's agentic
workflows, and everyone wants to do
agentic workflows when these workflows
are often better, just to be clear, cuz
there's less hallucinations. AI still
hallucinates quite a bit, by the way.
You've probably noticed that if you're
you're using it a lot.
So, I like fixed workflows a lot. I like
these AI job workflows. But then there's
these agentic workflows that are much
more dynamic. The AI's going to create a
plan, and it's going to decide what
context it needs in order to do that
task. And then it's going to then go and
do that task. The human will learn like
and say like, "Hey, this output was
good. This output is bad." And then it
goes back into context infrastructure,
which makes the whole system better.
Okay? That's a really important piece
here.
The way that you get AI to work very
well for you is by constantly evaluating
the AI's performance, just like you
would do a junior employee, and giving
it feedback on what it needs to change
to make it better. And we do that, by
the way, in level three. Hey, I have
four prompts, and I manually run them
all to create a blog post. Okay, great.
Now, we have outputs.
What did you like and not like about
that output? Right? That's how you start
collecting some of that information.
Okay.
I'm [clears throat] going to transition.
I want to show you
I already showed you the context agent.
We went over this stuff. I actually want
to show you what this build looks like.
And again, the end I have a guide for
you
that I'm going to give you so you can do
it. Um
do it yourself. Let's see. That's the
guide. Where am I? Scenarios. Let's
start at the spreadsheet here.
V2. Okay, perfect. So, here's the here's
the data. This is the data from for my
posting. So, you can see
uh
right here.
19, 20. And this is uh
the
uh the caption that I gave it. Here's
all of the data from that. And then
finally, we have the transcript. So,
this is the full transcript. Like if I
click on here, that's the full
transcript of the video.
And then right here is the um output for
the analysis, the IG Reels analysis
output. And you can see I'm going to
zoom in here so you can actually see
this thing. You can see like here's the
post, here's the views. I have um uh
quartiles of performance for each one of
these. So, we've benchmarked over the
the past 30, 60 days, uh what my
kind of my different quartiles of
performance are. And you can see here in
views, this is the 25th to 50th
quartile. Um
my skip rate was in the 50th to 70 uh
fifth uh quartile. My share rate was top
25. My like rate was top 25. My save
rate was top 25. So, these are like some
of my highest metrics. My skip rate
could have gone gone better, which
probably means hook, right? My comment
rate was uh decent, and average watch
time was decent. So, all this has done
is done a uh an analysis of this reel
and why
it it seems like it performed well in
that in that metric, okay? So, that's
this one here. And then this is the reel
best practice report where it pulls out
the best practices from that reel that
seems to have helped the um reel perform
well.
I do not look at this sheet.
A couple of things I'm going to call
out, and again, if you have questions,
just type them in, but a couple things
I'm going to call out. This data is
grabbed from Meta's API.
Uh some of the tools you have will have
MCP to help you pull some of this data.
If I can pull directly from an API, I
prefer to do so.
It's
much better now, but AI does
hallucinate. Like your LLM may
hallucinate. It might put things in the
wrong place, and it doesn't happen as
often as it used to. It's pretty
reliable, but it's also I can just work
directly with the API, it's perfectly
reliable, okay? So, this is a
spreadsheet. I like I said, I never look
at this stuff, okay? Now, for each uh
day, right, you get all of the reals, we
produce This is um
Where Where is the number of reals?
Daily best practices used, content
strategy output, okay.
This is the report that gets sent to me.
Again, I don't review this stuff, we
keep this um this report because we also
do a weekly thing. Um but okay, so you
can see here's yesterday's performance
overview, and then videos to create
today. Video one,
video two, and it tells me why.
Tells me why I did it. Here are some
hook options for you. Here's how I'd
roughly structure the um the Instagram
reel. Go crazy, Kyle, record this video.
And I just listen to my AI overlord and
do what it says, okay? This part I get
Slack message to me every single
morning, and then I go and start
recording my my videos.
All right, I'm going to show you the
back end a little bit here, too, and
then we can go um
to questions, and I'll
also uh give you the guide and all that
if you want to build it. So, there's uh
these three
uh workflows that you need to have, and
this is make.com. Actually, if you could
type in
uh yes or no, do you currently use like
a make.com and a and a Zapier, you can
kind of do this stuff, but any kind of
like workflow automation with AI. Just
yes or no if um you're using something
like that.
>> [snorts]
>> Now, these three, they each do different
stuff, right? Like this is um metrics
update, this is fetching the the data.
You can see like I'll just show you a
couple of these.
These are kind of They were hard to
build some of these. Like we had a lot
of problems with the meta API, but you
can see like we're getting the the data,
we're parsing it, we're organizing that
data, we're we're um using AI to create
some of our reports and whatnot. So,
this is one of them.
Uh the other one here, I'll just make
sure we cover all three real quick just
so you can see visually what it looks
like.
Uh right here, this one here is updating
the metrics. We update them weekly as
well. So, we do the 10:00 p.m. for the
reels yesterday, but then at the at 7
days after that reel, we consider it
matured and then we capture kind of the
last set of data that we're going to
capture from it. Um and then this is the
performance data for the IG reels.
And then finally this report gets
generated and then it gets sent to
Slack. That's how it works. And you can
see like in here, these are our prompts.
Like this is our our prompt that
generates the content strategy report.
And this I had to play with. Now,
remember I did all of this first myself,
right? So, I did if we go back to our
little drawing here,
I did the level three step first. I used
AI myself to do my own analysis of these
things. And then
I went level four and and started
building out a full workflow. And if you
were to look at what I've built here, is
like I've really built a sophisticated
AI job workflow.
Which is great. Now, can I make this
more agentic? I have all the context.
I can build an agent that has that
context and I can ask that agent
questions and it can do more dynamic
tasks for me. Absolutely, I could.
Um I don't have a need to for right now
because I just want that report and
record the video and I'm done. Um but I
can make this agentic if I need to. A
lot more work to do that, but I can. And
I would if I really felt like I needed
to. I really feel like this gets under
talked about cuz everyone's so excited
about agents, but I feel like a lot of
times that the prerequisite to having a
strong agentic workflow is a strong AI
job workflow. That's what I think. Okay.
So, let me show you the guide real quick
and then I'll give it to you and I'll go
into Q&A.
Uh IG reels performance. Okay. IG Reels
performance analysis guide.
This, uh, is a guide. It'll, wait, IG
Reels.
Why is this?
Oh, oh, cuz it's it's referring to this
webinar. Okay. So, um, this is going to
walk you through how to build what I
built here for Instagram, okay? It's
called the webinar setup guide cuz this
is the webinar. Um,
you [clears throat] can see down here,
here are all the API keys that you're
going to need. This is a long document.
It's 14 pages. It talks about how to set
everything up. I don't expect you as a
human to follow through this
step-by-step. Um, you should probably do
this in steps, but, uh, you can give
this whole document to an AI and, um, it
will help walk you through how to build
it out yourself. So, if you want to
build something similar, uh, this is how
you do it. So, I'll give you that and
then also this
drive here has the, um, kind of the
blueprints that you copy and paste into
make.com that create those, um,
those, uh, scenarios that I showed you
with all the little nodes and then you
connect your own things. Um, it's a bit
of a
process to build this out. If you want
support either building this one out or
building a version of this out for a
different channel, just email me
directly. I'm sure we can work something
out. Um, I have a developer and, uh, I
have, uh, more of a technical resource
Ken that I've worked with both of you
guys for over a year. Um,
they build a lot of this stuff out. So,
we can figure I figure out a way to help
you build it out, but I will give you
everything you need to do it yourself as
promised and then we're going to go to
Q&A right now. So, let me, uh,
Oh, here it is, okay.
I will give you this to your share.
Copy.
Okay, it looks like, uh, some people are
using N8N.
Yeah, it's a kind of either no or N8N.
That's funny. Everyone really likes N8N,
huh?
Um, all right, so this is the doc.
And then I'm going to grab the drive.
Oops, I clicked on the wrong thing.
This is the most exciting part of the
live class, by the way, is when I
frantically click buttons to try to
share things with you.
Um, everyone's [clears throat] on the
edge of their seat.
Uh, copy link. Okay, cool.
Sweet, let's go back to yours truly.
All right, give me a little uh, little
temperature check here. Was this
helpful? Was this good to see? What were
your takeaways? Just give me like a
quick sentence of like, "Hey, I thought
this was good because of X or Y." That
would be really uh, really cool. Um, all
right, so here are the two things. I'm
also going to share that
in the um,
Oh, I forgot to go live there. That's
annoying. Okay, and then LinkedIn.
I'm going to uh, put this on the live
stream here, too.
Also, I I want to like stress like, to
do this kind of stuff right,
it takes a lot of work.
Like, you need to dedicate yourself to
doing it. Um,
but okay, cool.
Too, too, too.
I'm bundling for. What is it? Zapier for
integrations, Abundantly for AI agents.
Okay, interesting. Um,
cool. [clears throat]
So yeah, any questions, feel free to
throw them my way. Um, I I the thing I
can't stress enough is thinking about
what context you want agents to have
access to to be able to do the things
that you want them to do. And part of
that is just saying, "Hey, here's all of
the
sources of truth that we want to give AI
agents access to to in order to do
work." Um, you can see like what I did
there is I kind of blended some stuff. I
grabbed some data from Meta's API.
And I also transcribed the video, and I
put those two things together because
it's useful context for the LLM
to have both those things. And for
some of the um parts of the process, it
needs both
to do that well.
Um
that's the context I want for that
specific
agent. There's another agent that might
need access to that same data. There
might be an agent that might sometimes
want access to that data. And this is
where you start thinking. You build
these sources of truth. You collect them
out of in one place, like in in mind
space, where it's like, okay, I have my
CRM, and that's my source of truth for
this kind of data. I have this, which is
my source of truth for this kind of
data. Um, oh, you know what? Part of the
data from this and part of the data from
this kind of go together, but they're
not together now. Let's make sure
they're together because I don't want
the AI to have to do that later because
it could make a mistake, right? So, you
kind of think through that's the context
infrastructure piece that I'm talking
about. Um
And since I don't have any questions,
I'll show you one more thing here that I
that uh I wasn't planning on showing,
but maybe this would be interesting for
some of you. We're all friends here, but
I'll show you um
memory, too, cuz there's a lot of talk
about memory, and I'm very passionate
about memory. It's part of what we're
building with Sales Cloud is this memory
layer. Um,
and it's not something people really
see.
Memory. Uh, because what agents use the
memory to do stuff. So, let me show you
this real quick.
Okay. So, [clears throat] right here
uh is is how we handle memory. So, this
is specifically
this is specifically part of kind of the
context and then agent suite for sales
uh sales organizations, okay? We have a
transcript that comes through, and we
have AI We have AI extracted structured
data. What that looks like is we're
scoring the reps' performance. We're
pulling out any objections, red flags,
and green flags for the deal, etc.
That's AI-extracted structured data, and
that gets stored in deal memory cuz it's
specific to that deal. Okay? This is,
"Hey, they performed well on this call."
And then, this deal is now they're
performing well on this deal. These
objections came up on this deal. That's
deal memory. Now, what about
observation? What about other memory?
Things that could be more global. So,
this is not live yet. This is um
we'll finish our testing next week.
And then, a call transcript comes in,
and this is this is not insignificant to
build, by the way.
Uh AI extracts observations. So, it
makes an observation or set of
observations for every single call, and
we just compile giant list in our
database of all of these observations
that the AI has made across the sales
every sales call that comes through.
Transcript comes through,
observation is made. And you might want
to do this for your customer calls,
right? Uh you might want to do this for
your sales calls. You might want to do
this for your internal calls. But, we're
extracting observations, and this is
pretty broad. It could be in a lot of
different types of observations. Uh
behind-the-scenes there's a really like
deep way that we categorize different
types of observations, but none of that
matters for this explanation. So, we
make all these observations. We have
this giant list of observations. Like,
look at all these observations. And
then,
we have our AI
dream. Okay? The LLM dreams, shuts its
eyes, gets a good night's rest. We do
red light right before we sleep. We make
sure that we don't eat past 4:00 p.m. We
do a lot of things right so that the LLM
dreams properly. And what happens here
is the LLM starts dreaming, and that
dreaming process is, "Hey, here are some
new observations that were made. Let's
follow the thread through all of the
observations, and has this observation
come up before?"
That's it. Follow the thread. Oh, you
know what? This new observation is very
similar to this one and this one. You
know what? This should probably be a
memory. It gets saved into core memory.
These are things about your sales
process, company details, uh your
competitors, case studies that came up,
right? Like, someone asked, like, "Oh,
have you ever worked with a customer
like us?" And the sales rep is like,
"Oh, yeah, we worked with so-and-so, and
this was a value, blah blah blah." We
start collecting a whole bunch of other
stuff, too. Like, a memory can really be
anything. We give the LLM or the agent a
lot of um
breath to be able to capture these
observations cuz cuz we're okay
capturing them because they only become
memories if there's enough to support it
becoming a memory through our dream
process. And dreaming happens every
couple of days. Uh you you set how often
you want dreaming to happen. Um not in
our tool, but like we decide how often
we allow dreaming.
Uh and we we we have the LLM dream every
couple of days.
And these observations get solidified as
core memory.
It for us, deal memory, core memory, and
uh
I I I was planning on doing this in far
the future. I might pull this up even
sooner, but I kind of want to just be
able to plug in Claude or ChatGPT into
any memory here. Uh but this is what you
want to build as well. Like,
Claude, ChatGPT, they're going to try to
lock you in by doing memory really well.
That's what they're going to try to do.
And it can make it very difficult for
you to be able to switch from one to the
other. And that's dangerous, I think. Uh
part of my vision is can you build out
company memory that lives with the
company, which is totally possible.
Like, this is it's a you have to
architect it, but it's totally possible.
You can You can save all of these
memories, and you can use them for a
really long time, and then Claude sucks
all of a sudden,
um and then ChatGPT is extra good, you
can just switch between them, and your
memory stay stay there. Uh so, I think
companies should start owning this
memory. Uh this is how we do it here is
we kind of build this core memory, build
this deal memory, and it's based on
these observations from the call, but
this can be part of your context
infrastructure, where you're making
observations on calls, you're making
observations based on the performance
data from the email campaign, you have
all the copy from the email campaigns,
you get the idea.
So, I'm going to go back to see if we
have any questions here. I'm going to
stop sharing. Okay, I'm back.
Um
I like the observation approach. Thank
you. Yeah, dreaming it cracks me up. You
know, I think if I remember right, I
think Anthropic started calling this
dreaming. I think that's where I got
that from, but I forget. Uh do you use
the auto research in this at all? So, I
don't. For those of you who don't know
what Graham's talking about here, auto
research is Andre um Karpathy Ka-
Karpathy Karpathy whatever. Um
he [snorts] kind of developed this this
thing called auto research which is a
self-learning blah blah blah blah. Um
there's a lot of um
there's a lot of ways to kind of do
those kind of refinements and I think
auto research is
a little overkill for a lot of them. Uh
so, no. Um okay. What [snorts] is
dreaming exactly? So, dreaming is a
process that the LLM goes through. Think
of it as just like a series of prompts
or or um agents, right? That just follow
a a workflow. They call it dreaming and
what it's doing is it's doing a bunch of
analysis across all of your observations
or or our implementation works like this
where it does an analysis across all of
the observations and tries to find
patterns within the data set in our case
observations in the data set and then
output that like hey, this should be a
memory. And they call it dream I think
is cuz it's um
it's how they kind of think human
memories work and like you you dream and
whatever. And uh now we have a memory,
so I think that's why they call it that,
but uh in our implementation that's what
it is is you're looking across all
observations and you're trying to find
patterns. And we do this with uh one
kind of new observation. We go, "Okay,
here's a new observation." And this
actually might be useful for those of
you who are real nerdy about this stuff.
But uh we have a new observation here.
Boom. And we go and say, "Does this new
observation look like this one or this
one or this one or this one or this
one?" And we kind of just follow go,
"Oh, kind of looks like this. Kind of
looks like this. Kind of looks like
this. Yeah, this should probably be a
memory. Um what other like other ways to
do it would be you just literally give
it all
uh observations and are just like, "Uh
figure it out."
Uh we don't do it that way. We I I think
it's
it's a lot more consistent when you do
one at a time, but the cost is higher.
Um and also like the model you use
matters. Like because it um observations
have to be so repetitive in order to get
locked into a dream, you can use um less
expensive models to do it. Right now
we're not, um but you can. And uh you'll
save some cost there. It just depends on
what you're planning. Um what is the
coolest output you've gotten from
dreaming? I mean
>> [laughter]
>> None of them are that cool. It's like um
like [snorts] oh
this competitor like we've heard from uh
this is this is a real one. We heard um
that from the people we've spoken to
that this competitor doesn't do this
thing well. And that gets saved as a
core memory. And then when a sales rep
is is working or like a sales manager is
working with the AI agent um the agent
has access to those memories and one of
the things it can do is say like, "Hey,
the person said they mentioned that they
are considering working with this
competitor. Well, we I know from the
core memory based on that competitor's
name that we've heard from other folks
that they suck at this one specific
thing." So, like the outputs themselves
aren't all of that cool like all that
cool. What is cool is that you are
storing these memories and then agents
can use to provide unique value.
Yeah.
Um I'm trying to think what other cool
ones. Oh, like case studies is like
another one. Like
maybe you don't have a bunch of case
studies like written out somewhere or
maybe you somewhat do, but they're
they're all over the place and they're
not readily available or there's a bunch
that you just don't have recorded and
they come up on sales calls a lot. Those
start getting saved and and for us like
we have a bunch of buckets that memories
get saved into. Uh one of those buckets
is specifically case studies. Another
one is specifically uh competitors. And
then um there's one that's like a
catch-all. That that that is a really
important one because we allow, like I
said earlier, the LLM to have breath and
make decisions about what gets saved as
a memory.
Alrighty. Well, I don't see any other
questions. Thank you all for um
joining. There's a lot you could be
doing on Thursday you're spending with
me. I greatly appreciate that. Uh if you
have any questions at all or need any
support, just let me know. My email is
kyle@voris.com.
And um
again, thank you very much and we'll
talk soon. Bye.
