Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Kyle Vamvouris",
  "channel_name": "Vouris",
  "video_id": "ZMg133guig0",
  "title": "The Two-Way Content System: Feed Sales What They Need (And Tell Marketing What to Build Next)",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMg133guig0",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 959,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Let me go ahead and share my screen here
and get rocking with what I'm calling
the weekly content loop.
So,
um this is a little system that I've
been running for myself and my clients
and it's basically something that I
think uh anybody can do really easily on
any team and it gets rid of the age-old
problem the split between sales and
marketing. This is I think we live in a
day and age where there's no excuse for
us not to have this um going constantly
in the background every single week.
So,
this is what I'd like to talk about.
It's uh a weekly loop that basically
takes your sales call
uh sales calls, mines it for information
and specific questions, and it gives
your marketing team something to do, and
then gives your marketing team a task to
create an organized place for sales to
find information. Theoretically, this is
something that should have been running
for 20 years on a uh basically at every
organization, but does not um and it
still is a big problem. But, with the
advent of AI, uh with the advent of call
recorders, with the advent of basically
very simple prompting systems, we can
create a loop that basically gives you a
road map to make the most specific, the
most hard-hitting, and the most valuable
content for your readers, your specific
ICP. This is a way for you to start to
dominate your niche if that is something
you're looking to do.
So, let's get going here.
Again, if you haven't uh met me yet, I
used to be the CMO at Vocus. Um I was
around for a lot of that stuff with uh
with Kyle uh pre-Sales Thread days. Um I
used to be the uh head copy coach at uh
copywritingcourse.com. I'm a copywriter
by trade. I currently run Stick and
Grow, which is a content marketing
agency, and uh over the over the course
of the years, I started building content
teams at various companies. I've done it
for about two dozen times now, and it's
really funny that as the tools change,
the same problems sort of stuck around,
and I think now we're at a really big
generational moment um where things are
going to change. Um
so, again, I'm going to talk about AI
and content, and right now, if you're
rolling your eyes, yes, generative AI in
general is not great for creating
content. We know that. I'm not going to
argue that point, but it is a very good
analyst and is a very good sort of
I guess analyst. I'm going to repeat
that point because it sort of sees the
underlying patterns that you might not
be seeing or you just don't have time to
sift through everything to see.
So,
um
basically what I want to be talking
about is how to use both your content
library
and your sales calls as these two super
rich libraries that currently probably
are not getting capped properly. So, on
one side we have the sales calls where
we know there's a bunch of great
information and we know we should be
listening. A lot of these call recording
tools sort of have notes and little
reporting mechanisms in themselves where
they say, "Hey, here are the big
takeaways." Or over the course of the
week, "Hey, here's the patterns that
we've seen in your sales calls."
I feel like we're not making enough use
of that yet. What I do is I have a
little automated system where every
sales basically every call actually with
clients and with sales calls
go straight into make.com and then
eventually into my own database and
automatically just mines information
always with every call. You don't have
to go that crazy yet, but if on a weekly
basis you can start looking at the
mining of your sales calls and I'll get
to that in a second.
You'll have a huge valuable thing to
look at in a way that you haven't yet. I
can almost guarantee you this. And then
next the marketing team, if you think
about the traditional silo especially as
teams grow, there almost always is this
kind of natural breakpoint which is
unfortunate cuz it shouldn't be a
breakpoint. It should be a communication
point, but it happens between sales and
marketing. And if you think about how
marketers go about creating their
content, they often lack a feedback
loop.
They might have Well, I I hope they're
looking at things like your Google
Analytics, your metrics. So, they might
see some level of performance, but
unless you're speaking to your sales
reps specifically, you have a marketer
speaking to sales and saying, "Hey, of
the content that you sent out to clients
or to prospects,
what has worked best?" Unless you have
that kind of nuanced conversation,
um, really missing out uh, this kind of
almost like a blind spot in your
content, um, and it's one that we can
now, I think, solve pretty easily.
So, again, this is kind of the way that
I would I would suggest things exist
today at your org at some level. You
have marketers who are doing keyword
research, they're doing competitor
research, they're doing a bunch of sort
of creative work, um,
almost not in a vacuum, but
[clears throat] a little bit of a
vacuum. And then, on the sales side, you
have access to a lot If I was a rep, I
know that I have access to a ton of
information. I have content published on
the website, uh, blog posts published on
the website. I might even have access to
Google Drive or drives where various
folders might have these really rich
resources for me to use.
But, am I using them? Do I know where to
find things?
Under pressure on a call or when I'm,
you know, trying to send out emails and
responses as quickly as possible, do I
have time to even find the right thing?
Often, these things are It really comes
down to a lack of organization in a way
that sales can use. Again, we're going
to show you a way today to really fix
that and to make this, uh, hopefully, a
very easy system where we go from a
little bit of a, I think the word is
miasma, a little bit of a confusing
cloud of information to something where
we can really simply say, "Oh, here's
database number one. Here's database
number two, marketing and sales.
Here's how we can, uh, merge the two."
So, I'm teasing my little solution here,
but let's, uh, keep going here.
These are, I'm paraphrasing, but these
are essentially ideas that I have I've
pulled from specific people in the last
year. Um, uh, Marcus told me that
basically, uh,
there was a case study, I know it
exists,
I'm sure of it, I think, uh, but I just
don't know where to find it, so I
skipped it. I just referred to it kind
of with a hand wave, and that was it,
and, uh, I I never sent it to the client
cuz I couldn't find it. Uh, Sarah says,
"We ran a content audit last year, and
we found 340 assets. Uh, reps were
probably using 12 of them." Which, you
know, maybe there's nothing wrong with
that necessarily if those are 12
excellent assets, but is it just because
those 12 were selected 2 years ago and
they never updated? Uh, that's another
big problem. Uh, it's the freshness of
these things. Um Priya says, "By the
time I dig through Drive, the buyer's
already on the next call. I just sent
the website link." I see so many teams
doing this where they just send the
website link because they don't have
anything else more specific to go in
that moment, even if it exists, um
whether or not it exists. And then they
just say, "Well, here's the link to the
our website." Maybe do some homework.
It's there, I promise. Um it's not
great. Uh David was particularly
somebody who was a little bit salty
about content marketing in general,
which I understand. Uh he said that he's
he spent a lot of uh a lot a lot of
money on content marketing and then
basically couldn't connect it back to a
single deal. That that's a little bit of
an attribution issue, but I sort of get
it, too.
And then um from the writer's
perspective, the content marketer's
perspective, people get frustrated with
this, too. You know, if you're
you know, assigned to write blog posts
and you don't know that anything's being
used in a in any way that really tracks,
it is a little bit frustrating and a
little bit of a dead end, I think, uh as
as a writer. I I always hated that. Um
and then finally, Elena here, uh our top
objection in lost deals is the same one
we heard 2 years ago. "Why don't I have
anything ready to go for that?"
Again, this is a very, very common
thing. The sales team will complain
that, "Hey, this point keeps coming up."
But because the marketers are lost in
keyword research and are not answering
the specific questions that the reps are
dealing with on a day-to-day basis, not
saying that's everybody, but that's a
lot of teams, um that's a huge
disconnect that we could probably
probably win pretty easily with.
But we need to have evidence of that and
we need to have clarity. So,
again, I don't want to poo-poo keyword
research and traditional content
marketing. I think it's very important,
actually. If you want to show up in
LLMs, you you need to be structured, you
need to have everything cited properly,
you need to you need to have basically
traditional writing in very
If anything, keyword research has become
more important. Um but this is a a
current, I think, argument in marketing
that I almost don't want to get lost in.
What I would argue is that all the same
stuff is still important. You should
still be doing all of it. But a new,
more important thing, I think the most
important thing has popped up now where
you can suddenly become more specific,
more valuable, and more relevant to your
to your ICP, to your actual prospects,
to your actual market by looking at the
specific conversations that you're
having. Um again, this has all been
going on in the background, but have you
really mined it in a way to pull
specific things to assign marketing to
go create. And that's what I want to
show you today basically with three
simple steps, and I'd almost argue the
steps are more important than the
prompts themselves. I'm going to say
that very very
delicately. The prompts are very
important. I'll share all the prompts
with you.
But it's the steps. Are you doing this
whatever your prompting is? Are you
doing step one? Are you doing step two?
And are you doing step three?
So
this is
I think a better way to think about
things is basically being customer-led.
I think that's a little bit of fluffy
marketing speak, but I I believe in it.
The customer should be leading what
we're doing, and of course backed up by
a lot of the good market research and
and and basic uh stuff that that
marketers should already be doing. And
at the same time sales reps should be
very sensitive to am I giving the
customer the specific answers they're
looking for? And if not, am I reporting
back to the team and saying, "Hey, look,
we need this thing."
Of course, that's not to put all the
pressure on reps, but this process will
surface those issues and then give them
back to your team in some regard to
handle.
So
here are the the three simple steps that
I would really highly encourage you to
do. You can use my process. Again, I'll
share all the prompts with you. Prompts
are a little bit long, so I'll email
them to you, but I want to go through
the basic ideas of what each one is so
that you can walk away from today and
just start implementing your yourself
right away.
Number one, the most important thing is
is your content organized in one single
searchable database?
Ideally, it already is, okay? But I will
say this with a great deal of of uh
respect. I am guessing that it's not.
I'm guessing that you have a lot of docs
sort of uh scattered in Google Drive or
wherever you're writing things,
then your actual um
your CMS might have a lot of different
formats of things, you know, old pages,
maybe things titled incorrectly or
differently, pages that people have
forgotten about, pages that haven't been
updated in a while. Um there's you
usually on most teams, and I would say
90% of the teams that I've seen, they
lack a single source of truth where it
comes to, "Hey, this is our content
database." Almost like a library that we
know is being updated, that we know is
clean, that we know is organized
correctly, and that we know is tagged
correctly. Um that could look different
for different teams, but that's what I'm
looking for. Basically, do we have an
idea of when this was published? Do we
have an idea of what it talks about? Do
we have an idea of who it speaks to? And
do we have an idea of how relevant it is
to the sales team? Uh basically, is it
something that they use all the time? In
a perfect world, we would have this
database almost self-updating every time
something new gets published on the
website or wherever we're we're
publishing, uh gets fed in there, and
then almost self-scores in a way to say,
"Hey, look, this is if question X comes
up, we should probably be sending this
particular resource out." Um
and giving it to basically serving it up
to the sales reps so that they don't uh
go crazy and so that they also get uh
hopefully better results from their
conversations. That's number one. Do you
have a organized, tagged, and clean
database of your content in one place.
It could be a Google Sheet, it could be
a Notion doc, it really could be
anywhere. But let me just ask you that
here. Anybody here watching this, do you
see do you have that right now?
Um and just drop it in chat if you do.
Just give me a little yes or no.
And as I'm uh so it'd be really curious
out of out of out of uh this group, who
actually has this uh in really, really
great shape.
Cuz usually this is one of the first
things to slip in as a content team
grows.
Uh number two, we want to start mining
the sales calls. So, uh we can also do
this with customer calls we made.
There's a whole bunch of things you can
you can mine from, but I would suggest
starting with just sales calls.
Okay, well, thanks for the honesty April
and and Craig. That's exactly what
again, no judgment. This is a very This
is the common sort of denominator here
that or the common standard and I think
it's one that we can fix right away.
Just doing this one thing with your
content, I promise you this one prompt
will basically massively help how you
look at content moving forward. It's
it's a big lift for everybody and it's
something that should be almost checked
every quarter, I think.
The mining of the sales calls is
something that is now very easy. I use
Fathom for everything pretty much. It's
free and what I see is basically it's a
it's a summary of the transcript of
every call. I have the transcript if I
want to grab it and then it gives me
some points back and forth, but it's not
quite what I'm looking for necessarily
for as as a content marketer. So, what I
do is I grab all the transcripts and I
do this every week on Fridays and I feed
them into my little system on Claude and
I basically say, "Look, I'm looking for
patterns and questions." So, it could
be, "Hey, how do I Why do I What do
you?"
Simple questions about either the
product or the the problem that they're
trying to solve. And then number two,
what patterns underlying patterns do you
see in their questions that they might
be alluding to
um what's out there. So, we want a big
list of questions and patterns
basically,
topics for us coming out of sales call
sales calls straight from the horse's
mouth, so to speak. Okay, so number one,
we want a database of our content, what
exists already. We then want a database
of questions, objections, topics,
patterns from prospects. This is real
stuff, not imaginary, not role play with
AI, nothing like that, real
conversations.
And then finally in step three, we want
to connect the two. This is the big step
that I think it was almost impossible
before uh
uh you know, Claude especially, but AI
in general came around. And this is the
step that I think everybody should be
doing on a
You can do it daily. You can do it but I
think once a week at minimum, you should
be taking these two libraries and
basically syncing them up together and
saying, "Hey, when this question comes
up, which piece of content maps most
directly to
the question?" I hope that I'm
explaining that right. Two simple
databases and then when this happens,
which thing are we supposed to send
them? Um the way that I have it, I like
to have three options uh where one might
be more relevant, two might be sort of,
you know, decent, and then three is
like, "If nothing else, we should at
least get this out." Um and again,
everything is in the prompting. It's a
little bit too detailed to go through in
this presentation, but that's the basic
idea is we want to come out of this,
which you can do in a weekend, um with a
system where if anything comes up on
sales calls, we have specific, highly,
highly relevant answers in our content
in a way that's easy to digest uh for
the uh the person for the sales rep to
send to their prospect. Okay? That's the
idea. You can You can use this if you
want to feed this transcript of this
video, for example, into Claude or
ChatGPT, you can probably start to do
this on your own. But again, happy to
send you everything. I'll send
everything by by email if you would
like. Just give me a thumbs up um if you
would like that or yes here um
even better, I have my LinkedIn that
I'll pull up that you can connect with
me on and then we can
make sure that you have everything
there. So, I'll keep going here.
Here's an an example of what a tagged
content library could look like. Um this
is just a little snippet. Um I I used to
go crazy in Google Sheets personally. I
kind of I I kind of love it. But um but
currently I use Notion. This is just a a
mock-up of something where you have I'm
trying to show you that you should put
all the content in one place. PDF
guides, blog posts, case studies,
one-pagers, stuff, you know, that you
might think is it's specifically for
sales. Don't care. It could be pages, uh
web pages, but just take everything and
put it in one place and categorize it
properly. Um we have the general topic.
I sometimes tag in multiple topics
depending on the client and then which
stage of the funnel they're in. I like
to use this
if anything would get stuck with might
be this but I think it helps
who the ICP is and then basically the
freshness based on date.
Okay?
So,
this is what you should you should come
up with some version of this. Every team
is going to look slightly different but
this is something that every team should
have. It could be a monster sheet but it
should be something that is very easy to
scan quickly, filter quickly and you get
to you know what you want to find
quickly.
So,
number two.
Taking things out of the sales calls.
If you do this type of prompting, you'll
come out like let's say you were feeding
10 calls in or 100 calls. It's all the
same thing.
You want to get a report of how long
sorry how many topics are coming up and
then how much the what frequency they're
coming at at. So, basically if I was to
rank
by question maybe implementation comes
up in seven of 10 calls but I don't have
an implementation piece ready to go.
Uh-oh, well I better build one. Or if I
do have things that reference our
implementation like a great you know
how we work page or something. I want to
know that this one surfaces immediately.
Okay? And then finally step three is the
gap analysis and ranked plan. We want to
make sure that we have something really
specific for each question and the
outcome of step three again I would do
this probably every week if you're just
starting off with this
try it once
I can almost guarantee you that it it
would you would be surprised at what you
find and you find that you have
opportunities for really quick wins
here.
But basically you want to come up with
connecting the two essentially. I think
that's relatively straightforward and
yeah Scott I hear you and Bilal too.
I'll absolutely send that out. So,
again at the risk of
you know repeating myself here,
I really really want to
I think this is what content is really
going to look forward to in the back end
of content teams is going to look like
in the next couple of years. And if
you're not doing this, I I hate to do
the, you know, blow the fear whistle
here, but I I really think people are
going to get left behind,
especially in the AI search world, if
they do not get organized about what
they have, and they don't start thinking
structurally like this. So, the number
one thing anybody can do is basically
just get organized about your content.
Put it in one place. It's just a big
list of links to everything, right? But
it's tagged, it's categorized, there's
some thought to it, and it's searchable,
right? Google Sheet would work, Notion
would work, anything. Airtable, whatever
your your uh your uh tool of choice is.
Um number two is you want to get into
the habit of mining the sales calls. I
would suggest that somebody doesn't
matter who on the team again. I was
going to say somebody on marketing,
could be somebody on sales, it could be
the CEO. Totally depends on the size of
your company. But um I since I'm a
essentially a a very small team here, I
did we're two people. Um
I am doing this on a weekly basis with
everything, with my client calls, and
I'm looking for all the little nuanced
things that I don't have answers to in a
professional and packaged uh format. And
trust me, every week I get it it feels a
lot better to be answering really
specific things than necessarily chasing
keywords. You can tell where I sort of
stand in the argument a little bit, I
guess. Uh but it gives me really really
good uh ways for me, especially as a
small fish in a very large pond, I'm
starting to carve out my space because
I'm answering questions, more specific
questions, more relevantly. Okay?
Um and that connection between the two
databases it's very simple. You'll see
them in the prompting, but uh basically
that's really the system.
One organized database, your content,
one organized database,
the patterns and questions in your sales
calls, and then a a step to connect the
two and and basically give yourself a
road map for uh that upcoming week.
Okay?
That is the system. Um this is the the
essentially this is the
I thought it was too much. I've done
this where I've shared the prompts
before in slides, and it just the format
doesn't work because it's landscape and
then it gets all messy. Um so again,
just if you're here and you just uh give
me a shout here, I'll make sure to send
this all three prompts to you um right
after this call. Um but you want to map
the library, you want to get all these
things kind of very healthily taken out.
You want to mind the calls.
Again, you can do this
I believe in really learning how to
prompt is is a very important skill,
but you could prompt this a million
different ways. My point is you want the
steps done. So if you want to go deep or
deeper than I go or shallower, fine, but
just make sure that you're doing each of
these three steps. You want to
cross-reference everything. You want to
make sure that you start to build out so
that you have a really strong version of
things where you feel you're like your
bases are covered. If you're walking
into sales calls yourself, if you're the
CEO and you're running everything, you
know, basically as a solo shop, you want
to make sure that you have your rear end
covered. And if you have it this this
type of system, I believe your
confidence goes way up and you basically
become a much better sales person.
Um so
I I say email or DM me on LinkedIn, but
if you're here on this call, I'll take a
look at who's on the call and then I'll
send this out to to everybody. Um I'll
If you'd like I I have the full like
little Notion doc thing that that I do.
I think it it gives some extra context.
But I This should be a pretty simple
point that I'm making. I hope you it
sticks with you. Um and then of course
this is what I do with with clients too.
I can do this on one call 20 minutes and
if you're here, if you're one of the
first five people, I can do it for free.
But also I can probably do some sort of
cut price deal for this. To be honest, I
haven't really thought through this part
of it. But if you'd like to engage with
me, basically I have a a pretty robust
system where I use AI for a hell of a
lot of the research, a lot of the prep,
and then I have a good editing system in
place.
So before anybody goes, please please
please I mentioned this Airtable survey.
This is super important for
for Kyle especially.
Oh gosh, can I not access this?
Let me
uh me pop this into chat here. Thought I
could copy paste it, but let me do this
here like this. airtable.com/appwf
3 lveq
o g s
i r 8 u
d m z g
9
b j /
form. Uh please check that out because
it Kyle is a is a stickler for this kind
of stuff because he wants to hear back
from you. Uh number one, if you like
this topic, if you if this resonated
with you, but then number two, more
importantly, also what topics do you
want to hear about next? Um this is a
big deal when I was working with him
back in the day and I know that he
really cares about this. He reads every
answer. So, please take a
It doesn't take more than a minute to to
get this thing filled out. It's a more
like a 30-second survey, but please get
that filled out and then if you would
like um
This is the Q&A session now. So,
basically
we're about 25 minutes in.
I just want to know what questions do
you have about really anything connected
to content and AI-driven systems,
content systems with or without AI, but
structural thinking around content. What
questions do you have? And oh, thanks,
Scott. Let me let me just pull this open
over here and I'll I'll copy paste the
airtable thing. I probably misspelled
it.
Um
But what questions do you have for me as
I pull this up? I'd love to answer them.
I've been working again in this field
for a very long time now. I feel like
I'm getting old. You can see the gray in
my beard, but what questions do you have
for me that I might be able to answer?
Cuz I think there's a lot of stuff going
on that is not working with AI in
content. I think there's a lot of stuff
that is and I think there's
hopefully some stuff that I can give you
here on this call that'll be pretty
pretty actionable. So, let me just copy
this over
and put this in here.
Hey, thanks, Anthony. I appreciate it.
Um
Yeah, hit me up with a So, basically,
I've been running
now
I don't know how many how many things
I've published over the years. God, for
for the various clients, but I've been
in almost every space. I've been in very
technical fields like I'm currently in
in healthcare quite a bit, fintech,
insurance.
I've been all over the place. I I used
to work in e-com,
bunch of stuff outside of SaaS. So, I
have been around the block as well as
you know, I I used to work my favorite
one is probably working at a a brewery
out of a monastery. But, all these
companies had
um
had questions basically coming in that
were I think thinking about structuring
correctly or at least we're at a time
now where structure is suddenly
available to us. So, Jason Jason asks,
"Should we be allowing Sorry, should we
be including ad campaigns
ad campaigns work as well, ad names,
creatives, etc."
You absolutely can, Jason. I mean,
that's a that's a fantastic addition
here. I would start with this. I would
just start number one with what content
is working. Basically, what
Let me put it back up here.
I'm going to show a little bit of my
bias, but I'll maybe direct about it. I
think that your customer questions is
the most important thing that you could
possibly be building content around. If
it's one person out of a million, okay,
maybe it doesn't it's not as important,
but likely if you're getting on sales
calls, you can probably already off the
top of your head name to me the top 10
questions or issues, challenges,
objections, whatever they are, but top
10 things that pop up in these
conversations with with customers.
The same thing happens in content and
the same thing happens in ads. I think
that direct sales calls when you're in
in person or on the phone with somebody,
those surface them the most quickly. Ads
is probably number two, and then content
is probably published content organic
content is probably the the third
biggest.
But, getting that feedback and then
acting on it by creating turning that
feedback, that data into more content,
but more specific content, um, that's
everything, really. So, yes, you can
absolutely use your your ad
your
your ad campaigns uh to this. And
actually, if I can tease one of Kyle's
upcoming webinars, he just
I think he just broke Instagram. Um, so
I'll just maybe I shouldn't overhype it,
but he he figured out a very, very, very
impressive way to take his data
um from TikTok and Instagram and then
turn it into much more successful
videos. It's the same stuff. It's taking
information, it's taking questions from
the comments, maybe from stuff, um and
then turning it into specific content.
The way that you can beat your
competitors in all these spaces, whether
it's organic, whether it's ads, whether
it's even in sales calls, it's being
more relevant more quickly to that
specific person. That's it. That's the
name of the game that we're trying to do
here. And this is this is the way
uh I've been watching too much
Mandalorian, but yeah, so that's the
That's it there. Um, and Anthony asks uh
drug monks uh
Well, yeah, you're not totally wrong.
Uh, yeah, there's a little bit of that.
Um
So, any any other questions that I might
be able to answer in terms of either
this system or other content questions,
other content um issues.
Um
And as I wait for for these, I'll just
give it another If not, no worries, it's
fine. I can let you get back to your
day. Uh, but I want to maybe share one
or two more things real quick here with
you about how I'm thinking about content
these days.
I think that one of the the most
important things I know that I've been
doing with folks is getting more
specific stories out of the founders
that I work with. This is something that
anybody here on this call can do,
whether you're a junior person starting
your career, whether you're a CEO, uh
especially if you're a CEO with
experience, you have stories that take
basic information from that anybody can
find online, but then it contextualizes
it by basically giving a personal
example. Um, I mentioned just working
with the with monks out of a monastery,
right? Selling beer
with them. That's all I can talk about a
very basic marketing and sales lesson
probably, but through that filter,
you'll probably remember it and you'll
probably hold on to it a little bit
better than just me saying, you know,
some opening a textbook about marketing
and just regurgitating an answer to you.
We all have this and I think it's really
important to um uh basically, you know,
uh get everything together in one place
including your own stories. So, I
started I've been journaling a lot more.
I've been using Apple Notes to capture a
lot more of my stuff and I suggest
everybody else starts doing this, too.
I know you think you know your stories
and I'm going to politely challenge that
a little bit because
we all sort of know them and they're
kind of floating in there, but are you
using them? Are you actually producing
content that has personality? Are you
producing content that's well-researched
and has personality? And I think there's
a big gap there. There's a huge gap
there actually that I think we can all
start to address now pretty quickly with
our teams
by using databases basically and then a
little bit of a little touch of AI as
well for for for extra measure. Um
April, yes. Yes, basically any any
transcript of any call. April's asking,
"Do you pull SFDC calls?"
Yes, basically if there's any if there's
any call that's been recorded as long as
there's a transcript available, we pull
those in and then we just basically
let Claude do some of its magic
in terms of its research and surfacing
of
of patterns and questions. And then
again, this this is enough stuff to keep
your marketing team busy forever. I
promise. So, they shouldn't stop doing
their keyword research. They shouldn't
stop doing any of that stuff, but this
is the kind of material I think that you
can hugely benefit from and start
basically
again creating more relevant content
that you can deliver more quickly
because it's more organized than ever
before. And if you're not doing this,
again, this is the little fear whistle,
but I believe that content teams are
going to massively step up their game in
the next year. Uh it's it's not even
funny. I think people were this whole
thing about AI slop, I get it. Yes, AI
poo poo, whatever. Um
it's getting better. And then once it's
gets to a certain point where it's
really, really good, you don't want to
be left behind saying, "Well, but it's
but it was so bad before." Uh and and I
feel like that's going to happen to a
lot of people. So, um again, if you
would like to get in touch, just to
connect with me on LinkedIn, that's
probably the best
best place to find me directly. Uh my
website is Stick and Grow. It's always a
work in progress there, but uh if you
get to a LinkedIn, I have a lot of stuff
out there, and then I will be following
up um probably tomorrow morning with the
emails including all the prompting and
everything else. I want to make sure
that everything gets through okay on
Kyle's team uh side of things. So,
that's it for me, folks. Uh if you have
any other questions at all, please uh
pop them in. And then one more time, I'm
going to do this. Please, please, please
pop in with
Kyle's survey. Um it's really important
that we get this done
uh because he is a very data-driven guy,
and if I don't get this done, he will
never invite me back again. So, if
nothing else, it's a huge personal favor
to me, uh please pop this uh uh
please get this done.
All right.
All folks, hope you all have a great
rest of your day, and I will be in touch
with you hopefully soon on um on
LinkedIn or elsewhere.
Hope this was helpful, and I will speak
to you all uh in the near future. Take
care, everybody. Bye-bye.
