Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Kyle Vamvouris",
  "channel_name": "Vouris",
  "video_id": "LHz0UL1R3XE",
  "title": "Create A Sales Playbook That Powers Sales Reps And AI Agents",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHz0UL1R3XE",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1317,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
This is going to be a little bit of me
talking about how you should be thinking
about the sales playbook
um
moving forward beyond just here's a
document to onboard sales reps. Sales
playbooks are very useful for that. But
for AI agents, you want to think a
little bit differently. And I'm going to
give everyone here um and also we're
going to just be super casual since
basically everyone here is a repeat. Um,
I'm going to share with you this this ex
um post that I stumbled upon. Uh, can
you comment, are you familiar with Andre
Kaparthy? If you can type in yes or no,
that would be great.
Um,
let me grab this.
Andre Kaparthy just
came out with this great tweet that
everyone here should read.
Let me pull this up.
Here it is. Okay, I'm gonna share this
with everybody. I think it's really
important you guys are on this
wavelength that I'm about to show you.
Let me share my screen here.
Okay. Uh, no, nobody knows who he is.
Wow. Okay. This is like one of the
leading guys in AI right now. Um, also
if you want to stay really top of like
really up to date on all AI stuff um you
should be on X following people like
Andre and I'll um let me copy I'll just
copy this link to this thing. You should
follow him. He's incredible. Anyway, he
was I think he's one of the co-founders
um of OpenAI. He's no longer there and
he's a big thought leader here. But he
did this whole thing on knowledge bases
and LLM knowledge bases specifically how
to build out a markdown kind of a
collection of documents. And he goes
through in this post and then in what I
sent you is an actual GitHub repository
for you to be able to um implement this
yourself. And the idea is you use a tool
like Obsidian, which is a note-taking
app. And you have a whole bunch of files
in one folder that's called RAW. These
are all of your RAW files that you're
going to put put in there. Then you ask
the AI like cloud code or there's
plugins within Obsidian that you can
use. You can ask cloud code. You say,
"Hey, can you store that file in a
knowledge base?" And this relates to
sales playbooks. Sales playbooks in a
lot of ways are a knowledge base, right?
This says, "Hey, can you file this away
in the knowledge base?" And what happens
is the LLM will go in, take the
document. Let me actually just show you
this. I'll draw this out for you. Um,
okay.
It'll take the document and store it.
So, right here you have um what's called
an index MD file. So, this is an actual
file. Oops.
I'm going to copy this.
And then this is like file one or just
this. This is like random file. And you
have like a bunch of these, right? What
happens is I have a file and I add it to
this random folder called raw, which is
just all my raw files. And then I have
an AI that I talk to. This can be claude
code. This can be um
uh built into Obsidian if you'd like,
but let's just say it's Cloud Code. And
you ask Claude code. So this is AI. You
ask Cloud Code, hey, can you go ahead
and process this file? And what it does
is the AI takes this file, puts it in
this folder over here. So it's no longer
in RAW. It's in the knowledge base area.
Or it could stay in RAW. It's up to you
on how you want it built out. But it
gets tucked away. And this index is one
file that's just text of everything that
exists in the knowledge base and a
summary of what that document is, how
it's used. That's it. This is really,
really important. So, just to make this
super clear for everybody, you have all
of your files in a folder. Then there's
one additional file in that folder
called index. The index file has a
summary of what every other file is and
a link to that file. is ever just type
in yes if you follow so far
and while uh you're saying yes to that
I'm also going to answer this question
that came in do you connect all of this
with an agent MCP andor you can just do
this with cloud code so you have cloud
code on your on your um desktop obsidian
is local first and all of these files
live on your local device now you can do
this with um so technically with an
agent to answer your question um you
don't have to use MCP for this this is
just something you the agent can do
because it's a local files on your
machine. Um, if you wanted to do this in
like a different tool, you probably have
to use MCP or something else for that
just to answer that question. But okay,
so everyone is is um answer is saying
yes. So index is a table of context of
all of your MD files. Yes, that's
exactly right. This here index is
basically a table of context contents
except it's a little more detailed. It's
the title. It's the link. There might be
some other metadata you want there to
tell you more about what's in these fi
these files here. uh but also a summary
of that file. It might even include how
it's used. So, it's a little bit more of
a table of contents plus. Okay. The
reason why this is so important is
because remember the first request we
did actually, let me just I'm going to
do this real quick. The first question
that we asked was
u you know um add to knowledge base.
I'll do KB for knowledge base. That's
cool with everybody. Add to knowledge
base. This was the first thing that we
um we asked the AI and the AI went and
did this. Well, what we may also ask the
AI is just a regular question. Hey, I
just have a question about this um you
know about stuff that might be in the
knowledge base. Okay? And I'm going to
again I'm going to get to the sales
playbook stuff in a minute. I have a
sales playbook template you can use. I
think it's important for you to
understand this stuff just at a surface
level right now because you're going to
see more and more of this over the next
six months as people build this type of
infrastructure out, which is ultimately
what I'm trying to encourage you to do.
Um, so you ask a question. Well, we have
a knowledge base. We have all of these
files here. It might be um our
qualification criteria for a good fit
customer. It might be our discovery
guide. It might be the demo flow that we
want our sales reps to follow. We have
all of this stuff here. What the AI does
is it goes to this index
uh file, reads through it and sees based
on the question that was just asked
which file does it need to be able to
answer that or multiple files because it
has the index and the index has the
summary. It has how it's used. has other
d uh metadata that might be useful
because the index has all of that and
it's all text which is what AI loves by
the way. It loves text, right? That's
all it does. This is the best format for
the AI to be able to sort through which
files you need. And then the AI through
the index will then click through to the
files it needs in order to answer the
question. But it gets better. But I'm
going to pause for a second. Does
everybody follow so far? It's a small
group today. I just want to I'm doing
something a little different than I
normally do. So, we want to make sure
that everybody follows so far. If you
ask it to add something to the knowledge
base, um the AI is going to go ahead and
take the file, create the summary, how
it's used, the metadata, everything that
needs to be added to the index, and add
it there and link to the file. Okay.
Yep. Everyone's following. Good. Um and
those are the same people who said yes.
Okay, good. Sh. I was like looking for
someone new. I'm like hopefully I'm not
just uh talking to Donovan and Armand
here. Um okay, cool. I'm glad everyone's
following. Great. And then the second
thing is I ask a question. AI
looks at the index and then grabs the
files it needs to be able to answer the
question. So everybody follows so far.
Here's where it gets interesting. Where
it gets interesting is when I ask this
question, it's very possible new
information kind of gets surfaced. So
let's say I'm a sales rep and I ask my
internal AI. I say, "Hey, um,
what would be a real ah um, "Hey, I want
to create a competitive battle card.
Here's the situation that that the um
that I'm dealing with. Show me like
which competitor I should pull in,
whatever." One of these files going to
be all of your competitors and what they
do. And another file might be a a file
on um your case studies of people who've
been successful with your product. Okay.
What might happen in that from that
question is the AI goes to the index and
goes okay I understand the situation
that's like this case study here. Okay.
So I have this case study actually to
make this easy to follow I'm going to
write case study now. Okay. Okay. We got
this case study and then this is
competitor. This is my competitive
battle card and it's using these two
files to create
a very special thing. And that special
thing
is going to we're going to call this um
we're going to call this the competitive
onepager. So the AI created something
new. We didn't have this there. Okay,
this is super important what I'm about
to show you because this is where
everything gets crazy and this is what
you're going to see. I'm telling you
over the next six months, 12 months is
going to be common place. Um,
competitive one pager gets created. I
asked a question. The AI determined
through the index that it should use the
case study and it should use this
competitor and it should use these two
things to create this competitive one
pager to give back to me the user. Okay,
this is like user
cool. Um, now because we've created a
new document,
what would happen if you're using any AI
tool today is this document disappears
forever. Actually, comment yes if you've
had the experience where you're like,
"Hey, I know I had AI create this
document for me, but it has now
disappeared into the ether. I can't find
it and but I know I did it. I guess I'm
just going to do it again." Type in yes
if you've had that kind of experience
before or something similar. Um, these
are these could be really important
because this is new knowledge for the
knowledge base that guess what? Another
sales rep might want to use this, right?
Okay. So, Sherry says, "Yes, here."
Good. Um, uh, anybody else? If you've
had that experience, I'd love to hear
from you, too. This is really critical
because it's new information other
salespeople might need, but guess who
needs it more?
This little guy here, our AI, right?
Because now the AI knows that this
exists.
Yeah. Yeah. So, Brendan will go through
clawed artifacts in order to find them.
That's one way to find them. I've lost
stuff even with that kind of stuff. Um,
I've just lost, not been able to find it
again. Um, anyway, either way, this is
useful because it's a document someone
else might want to use, right? Which
Brendan points out, Cloud Artifact, you
might be able to find it there again,
too, which is great. But also, this is
information that can be used in a lot of
different ways that it's important for
your AI to use. Here's the part where it
gets crazy. This here, I would have you
manually do this. The user would say,
"Great. Store this in our knowledge
base." And then what happens is we take
this
and we send it here. Add to knowledge
base. And then the AI sees this
document,
saves it in our knowledge base
and adds it to the index. And remember
for those a group of people just joined
now, what the know what the um index is
is a summary and almost like a table of
contents of everything that's in your
knowledge base except with a summary,
how it should be used and metadata that
would be useful for the AI. So now we've
added to the knowledge base. we added to
our index. So when the AI gets any
question, it may determine that this
competitive one-pager is is helpful to
be able to answer that question either
because it should send the competitive
onepager as the answer or probably more
commonly it will use the information
from this competitive one pager to
create a response to the question that
the user asks.
And if anything gets created that's
useful to save to the knowledge base and
the user says save that to the knowledge
base, the knowledge base now grows and
then the index keeps track of all of
those things and some of these knowledge
p base items will link to other files
too. So the AI has a really clean way to
work through a knowledge base. I want to
pause here for a moment. Can I just get
a yes if you're following this or a no
if you're like you're I'm super
confused, which is totally reasonable,
too.
Just yes or no. Fill me in here. How are
we doing?
Okay. Yes. I'm glad. Okay. Good. Good. I
want to make sure that everyone's
following this because sometimes when I
talk about this AI stuff, people's
brains somewhat melt, but we're in good
shape right now. I'm glad I pulled up
Excaladraw here and walked through it.
Okay. So, why am I sharing all this with
you? Because for a long time, my core
recommendation was, hey,
build a sales playbook like this. And
the sales playbook primarily, and I'll
give you this template, you know, I'll
um this is the presentation. I'm going
to give you this template. So, you have
it. You can follow. Everyone here is
capable of following a template. Uh I
will give you the template. And the idea
was I'm creating the sales playbook for
humans to ingest the information and be
able to do their job. It's part of what
I have to ramp people up. And I still
think this is useful if you're
onboarding sales reps.
I was planning today to walk through
this sales playbook for you. Um, and I'm
going to do a quick version of that in a
minute, but this is how I've done it for
a really long time now because of how AI
has been developing and how people are
using AI and how um, you should be using
it in my opinion or yeah, in my opinion,
I am changing my tune a little bit. And
I think it's really important that we
have these things built out in a way
that AI really likes.
And I'll give you an example.
Yeah, I just I I'll just share this real
quick.
That file system I just shared with you,
I'm not going to show you like a whole
bunch of different files, but let's go
back here. What I'm about to show you is
a version of this just all in one file.
Okay, I'm just going to show you all in
one file, a version of this. Um, just
know that this is really should be
structured as separate files with an
index that houses everything. But just
for simplicity, I want one document to
uh share with you. So this is what I
think the sales playbook of the future
looks like. And there might be two
version. There might be a nice pretty
one that I'll walk you through in a
minute here. Um, and then there might be
more of the text version one because you
want your stuff, everything related to
the sales or structured in a way that AI
can read it and use it to do tasks.
Very important. And you can either do it
now and be ahead of the game and have
this stuff structured in a way that is
useful for AI agents and then start
thinking through how to build out AI
agents to help you guys do work. This is
required for that, by the way. Or you
can just wait a long time and then
you're going to go, "Oh, shoot. I should
have done this a while ago."
So, here's the sales playbook. Who the
company, this is a fake company, by the
way. Who who we are. Here it is. The
company values. This company really
values precision, by the way. Okay.
Here's the org chart.
Excuse me. Um, here's a CEO. Here's the
sales org. The VP of sales. This is the
senior account executive. Here's another
AE. Another AE. Here's a sales engineer
on the team. Here's what the marketing
org looks like. VP of marketing. Then we
have Felix here, demand generation. So,
we have a full understanding of who does
what in this company. And by the way,
this can all be updated and managed by
AI as well. What we do, the products
that we sell. We sell Meridian Core,
Meridian Pro, Meridian Enterprise with a
description of what it is. Here's the
pricing for each one of the for each one
of them. As a human, I can read it like
this just as well as I can read it in
here. It's just not as pretty. But AI
much prefer you much much prefer having
AI read through things like this than
having it work through a PDF or work
through a um a PowerPoint. I mean, you
can, but it's just way more efficient
use of um tokens to have it work this
way. Um who we help, ideal client
profile, formographic profile. Here's
all the breakdown of who our good fit
is. Strong fit indicators, poor fit
indicators,
case studies. Here's case study one,
case study two. Remember, these would be
different files, right? Case study
three,
why we win. These are our
differentiators.
This is how we differentiate ourselves
in the market. Competitive intelligence.
Here's competitive one. That's called
contract safe. Who they are, where they
win, where we win, how to handle if
they're in the discussion. These are all
of the details you would want your sales
reps h to have. And you are going to
give your sales reps a version of this
that they can use to onboard, ramp up
quickly, and actually be able to sell
your product or service, of course. But
also,
the sales playbook is typically only
reviewed occasionally when when or a lot
in the very beginning and then never
really again. Um, the key here is you
have this set up in a way to where your
AI has access to this knowledge base for
the sales team and then the sales people
can interact with that knowledge base
and knowledgebased items come from
things like this. So this is a big um,
you know, a big part of it is having all
this stuff documented. Also things that
you learn from selling. So as your reps
are actually selling stuff, collecting
knowledge is really important there too.
Um, Brendan's asking me a good question
here, which is um, where is the best way
or what is the best way to convert to
markdown? You literally just ask AI to
do this. Say, hey, can you write this
exact text in Markdown for me? And then
you save it in Markdown. Um,
your roadmap to success here. This is
the prospect journey, inbound lead
process. Here's our bank qualification
frame framework. How we like what does
budget look like, what question to ask,
authority, need. You guys get the idea
here. Timeline, sales stages, this is
the demo stage, evaluating, right? You
guys get the idea. It's everything
that's needed. And just like we were
saying before, um, sorry if you can hear
sirens in the background. There's
something driving by. Okay, as I was
saying here, the reason why you want
this today, your humans are using all of
this stuff. But the reason why you want
this is because the AI can reference
everything here
and give answers to your sales reps when
they need support on winning deals.
This is kind of this new way of building
a sales playbook because it's not just a
playbook. It's a knowledge base. The
playbook was a document that was
designed to give to sales reps so that
they could onboard and store some of the
best practices so they could follow
those best practices.
It's throughout doing the job. The sales
playbook is rarely used because it is a
manual.
If I go to work at McDonald's tomorrow,
which in some way sounds nice if you
imagine like all I have to do is flip a
burger, but uh if I go to work at
McDonald's tomorrow,
they're going to give me a manual and I
can read through that manual. I'm not
reading through the manual all the time,
but sometimes I need help with stuff,
right? That's where this AI comes in.
Hey, how do I do X? Or how do I handle Y
or which competitors are this? Or hey, I
just found this out about a competitor.
Okay, let me update this whole document.
Right? That's that that's where we're
heading and and it's available to you
today. Like you should be doing stuff
like this today. Um this is where the
whole world is heading. So I bring all
of this up because you want your sales
playbook to be structured in a way that
the reps can use. and then gets better
over time because as users are asking
questions, the AI is identifying that
new things can be created. Okay, I'm
going to pause again. Can you just say
yes if this is making sense or no if
you're a little bit lost and confused?
And then I'm going to go and I'm going
to walk through this PDF uh this um
spreadsheet version of it. I'm going to
give everybody a copy of this. Uh and
then I got a question from Arand. It
seems the magic here is interacting with
AI to keep the playbook of knowledge
base living and not stale. That's
exactly right. Okay, Stephen, you're
getting it. Is this helpful? Can I get
like a yes? Um, if this is helpful, if
you're finding this helpful, is this
useful information? Or do you completely
regret the time you're spending with me
today um that I also care about, I want
to make sure that this is helpful for
you because I don't think folks are
giving this type of I don't think you're
seeing this content from a lot of people
right now. Instead, I'm seeing a lot of
stuff like, oh, here are prompts to use
with cloud code to do whatever. Like I'm
seeing a lot of that stuff, but I'm not
seeing a lot of like structural
infrastructure. That's what it is. It's
infrastructure that you're using for
your sales or and building this
infrastructure over time. It will be
critical for you as AI keeps getting
better, but then also as your sales
organization keeps progressing. Okay,
looks like people are are finding this
helpful. Good, good, good. Okay, I don't
want to go the reason why I'm asking
this, I don't want to go too complicated
where people are like, I don't even want
to be here anymore. But I want to stress
stress here that it is important to
understand this stuff. You don't have to
build all this out yourself. You can get
help to build these things out. I'm just
um bringing this up because I think it's
important that you understand this is
possible. It's an option for you. Um
yeah. So right here like Arman says, "I
have a lot of these files sitting in
notion but none are connected to index
file. Updates are all manual and
timeconuming." Yes, this is like part of
the problem and and notion to their
credit are trying to solve some of this
too. They have agents that can update
some of those files for you. They have a
whole agent thing. The problem I have is
I don't want someone else to own this.
That's why I also like the MD file. Like
you can just store it locally on your
computer, right? Like you wouldn't
because your team's probably
distributed. Like it's not going to be
local. But uh I bring this up because
you should own this. This is a company
asset.
This is your knowledge base and then it
grows over time. So that way it's
constantly getting better and more
reflective of your sales process. Let me
quickly go through this. I'm not going
to spend a lot of time on this because
everyone here is capable of reading a
playbook. But I want to highlight a
couple things that are important. So we
have things in this playbook that you
should have uh company values, the org
chart or charts important by the way to
make sure that sales reps understand who
does what and who to talk to, welcome
from the CEO, company mission, what
products you sell, the pricing of the
products, who we help. Um the where I'm
going to pause are things where I have
extra resources for you. So within the
sales playbook, I have templates for
everything. Um, this is our market
mapping sheet where you like really dive
into who your target market is. Um,
here's the who we help case studies,
testimonials, examples. Your case
studies should all be in your sales
playbook. Um, I have something called
value mapping to help you get a really
strong sense of what value you provide,
what are your differentiators, how that
value is ranked. It's called value
mapping. It's a really really good
exercise. If you don't feel like your
sales reps or even you are really
speaking to the value of your solution,
this is where I would um spend some
time. Let's continue. This is our sales
process overview of the sales process.
CRM, I have a full guide on how to set
up a CRM. You can use um use that guide
here. I have some other stuff I'll give
you too um after this. Um our sales
process, I have material here on all of
these things within the sales playbook.
qualification methodology, discovery
guide, demo guide, CRM setup guide. I
literally have a guide to help you build
all of the materials you need for your
sales or that's all in the sales
playbook. That's really what I wanted to
show you here. Um outbound messaging
sequences, that's here, too. Our buy a
buy again strategy is um on uh upsells,
crossells, renewals, that's all in here.
Here are the tool like you would put the
tools that you want. I have a text stack
selection guide. I'm going kind of wrap
up here. um onboarding guide. I have
checklist templates for everything.
That's what I really want to show you.
This is sort of a repository of a lot of
materials. All of this stuff should be
in your sales playbook so the sales reps
know what they're being held accountable
to. So our performance culture, this is
how we track SDR performance. This is
how you can calculate what you need to
do in order to hit your quota. Right
here, this is the it's called a quota
calculator. So it'll show you um the
what the revenue target is, how many
STRs, and it'll help you calculate your
quotas and whatnot. And I have videos
walking through all of this. Um, okay.
So, that's like the quick run through.
I'm going to share this with you now.
So, everyone has this.
Um, Rod, what do you mean the demo
playbook?
Tell me what the demo playbook is. I
want to make sure I know what you're
talking about with that. Okay. So, what
did we go through real quick? I'm going
to show you one more thing and then
we're going to um go to uh questions. So
get your questions ready. So I've given
you this very very helpful. It's also a
repository of of resources. In addition
to that on sales thread my website I
have this learn tab and we have the
calculated growth system here. This is a
six and a halfhour course of everything
I know about building sales ors. This I
used to sell this for five grand. I've
given it completely to f for free for to
everybody. Here's the link to it so you
have it. Um okay cool. Rod, I'm just
making sure I cover my bases there. Um,
this here has everything from market
mapping, team composition, uh, creating
a quota, lead management, SDR workflows,
compensation. I've built 87 sales teams.
Most of those teams I built through my
consulting company, Voris, that um, I no
longer uh, run. And um,
a lot of our processes are right here.
This is how we do everything. This is
how we build sales orgs. This is all
free. You can just have it. I put that
link in there too. We also covered Andre
Kaparthy his uh discussion around
knowledge bases. I want you to read his
tweet here. I sent you the tweet
earlier. I want you to read these tweet.
That's your homework. Understand this
stuff. Um but I've also adapted it to
our use case as sale as sales people.
Okay? That's what all of this is. And
then I gave you an example of all that.
That's what we've covered so far. I will
show you one more thing here and this is
very this is sales thread related. Okay,
this is my my company. One of the things
that I want to throw on your radar here.
I think this matters for sales playbook
stuff, but just in general. The question
I want to answer or I want you to
contemplate is what if your company
could remember everything it's ever
learned about selling. So, we've talked
about the sales playbook portion of this
already. Uh what sales thread does and
we're building out everything I just
showed you. We're building out into
sales thread. So, we have the file
systems and all of that stuff store
that's um that's being built out right
now. Where we started was learning from
the calls themselves. So every single
sales call that your team has goes
through an extraction layer where we
pull out all of the details. Every
objection that came up on a call, how
deep the discovery was. Did the rep
quantify the pain that they're
experienced. Was this a qualified lead?
We have around 20 agents right now that
are um operating on every transcript
that comes through. Those transcripts
are getting linked to a deal. One of the
benefits of being in sales is that
deals,
they either win or they lose. That's a
signal for us. We learn all these things
about the deals through the calls. We
extract all of this information. The AI
does. We understand it on a deal level.
The AI does. And then the deal either is
close one or close lost. That's a signal
of what works and what doesn't work. We
use that to identify patterns. Those
patterns might be having over four
stakeholders involved in a deal
increases the chances of it closing by
80%. Manufacturing vertical deals go
better when it is brought in early.
Pricing objections come up when we don't
walk the pro uh walk the prospect
through the user workflow. When mid
managers are brought into a demo, we
need to position the product from their
perspective as well. We learn these
things from doing all of the demo. So
you got to think we have this knowledge
base here. In addition to that, we're
collecting all of these things that have
been happening on sales calls that are
working, not working, and better
understanding what the sales process
are. And we take all of that and we
build what's called a sales execution
memory layer. Think of this as the brain
of your sales organization. We have deal
level knowledge or memory. We have rep
specific memory or knowledge. These are
like preferences like they like to send
emails with bullet points, things like
that. And we have company level. This is
a company asset. Sales reps might come
and go. The old world, the sales rep
left, everything they knew left with
them. The new world that stays in the
memory and humans of the future as well
as AI and agentic systems all have
access to that memory. We build and
maintain this sales execution memory
layer for you. And we've built a suite
of AI agents on top of that memory layer
that work alongside your sales reps and
help them navigate and close deals.
That's what we do. You can watch a demo
on our website if you go to sales
thread.ai. You can just watch a demo um
and you can see a little bit of it in
action. It's a it's a pretty short high
level overview and some stuff have
already changed since I last did that
demo. Um but go ahead and um take a look
at that if you'd like to. The vision
ultimately is a couple things. One is
can we build the sales execution memory
layer in a way that you can plug in any
agentic system you want into it and
those agents can use that information to
start doing whatever task that they need
to do. The second thing is which is our
intelligence layer which is our suite of
AI agents that do work with your sales
reps. The second thing is, can we build
a sales team with way less people
because AI does the work in between
calls? And that's the big bet I'm
making, by the way, over the next five
years. I think we're going to see a
proliferation of new companies getting
created because AI makes them so
efficient. You can do a lot more with
less people. And I think those companies
are going to have way less sales people
than they do today. Sales Thread helps
build and manage that memory layer. And
we've built AI agents on top of that in
addition to allowing you to plug in
other AI agents. So you can uh give
access at memory to any tool that you
want. So that way it can do work with
and for the sales reps. So that's what
we're building over there. I'll also
throw this into the chat. Um this is a
link to a demo
if you'd like to book a demo with me.
We'll talk not going to be a big salesy
thing. It'll be you and I talking about
uh your current sales process and then
where sales thread might fit. Uh is it a
product or a service?
It's mostly a product. There is a bit of
a service component. We're closing our
first customers right now. So I'm really
trying to work with our clients to help
them architect what their um kind of use
of AI looks like. Everyone's a little
bit different. Um, so it's a little bit
of both, but it's mostly a product that
you purchase. And it's a simple one
where we plug into the CRM, we plug into
the call recording software, and then we
start doing all of this stuff. Like for
example, we found for um one of our
customers that um the average close one
deal had two objections per deal that we
found. The average closed loss deal had
0.5. So less objection for closed loss
deals and closed one deals. It was like
pretty incredible. And it makes sense
like if you know a lot about sales, you
know like oh that probably is that makes
more sense like because people who are
really visualizing what this would look
like for them are more likely to give
little objections and stuff. Um so then
we went and looked at the performance of
the uh sales reps and we saw that their
top performer not only did they get more
objections per deal in general. They
also had the highest score of concern
surfacing because one of the things that
we look at um is we look at these uh
these scores or we score these things.
Oh, whoops. I'm not even on the thing.
and then we're going to get type in your
questions as you have it and I'll just
go and um
let me just pull it up from up here. Uh
type in your questions or I'm going to
transition to Q&A really quickly here.
Uh we score all these things like
does it meet budget authority need
timeline? Are they setting next steps
well? What's the discovery depth? The
pain quantification are they quantifying
that pain pain point concern surfacing
value articulation. We track all of
these things and we understand if they
correlate to deals being more deals
being closed won or close lost. So
that's the idea. And then for the
objections like the objections thing is
unreal. Uh this is my demo environment
so it's all like goofy fake data but you
can look um here like we have budget or
price objections. You can see the
different categories of objections what
percentage of calls they happen and then
average handling here. preparedness
examples. Uh we integrate um with three
different CRM. Um HubSpot, Pipe Drive,
and um
oh, I guess that one's not done. Adio is
another one that we're integrating with
and we're we're um working on another
integration. Salesforce is the only one
that we don't integrate with. Uh you can
see for this example in this test data
you can see 100% of calls have an
implementation or fit objection 88.9%
preparedness and a 3.1 average handling
out of four. Now I want to bring
something up for me. Anything below a
90% preparedness is not good. Um because
we should be prepared for all of our
objections, right? And then you can see
like oh where's you know um where did it
come up? You can see a summary of all
the objections. You can go to the
transcript see where it is um
etc. So anyway, that's uh I don't want
to make this like a total pitch. I'm
very passionate about this because I
believe I truly believe that this is
going to be required for all of you at
some point. You will have to build this.
Either you're going to try and build it
yourself, which could be a pain or
you're going to hire somebody with
expertise around sales orgs to build out
this memory layer. And the reason
expertise is so important is because you
have to do you have to really understand
what needs to be extracted and how we
extract that information. There's a lot
of data an uh analytics that go into the
pattern identification. It's not just a
hey a hey AI find me the patterns right
that's helpful like that's a good place
to start but we're doing this at scale
across all deals. There's a lot of data
that we extract and we're doing a lot to
um help the AI do proper pattern
identification and then also making
sense of all of these kind of facts
about how you close. You're going to
need one of these at some point. It's
just a matter of when. And I think sales
thread is building the best one or
that's my vision at least. Um, okay,
cool. I'm gonna stop on this. Let's just
do questions. If you have questions,
comment them below. Um, yes, Salesforce
API is very tough to work with. That's
actually uh Brandon, that's the exact
reason we're not integrated with
Salesforce right now. um I can be
convinced to do it, but I would really
need a customer that's on the larger
side who's willing to um kind of
co-create it with me and like allow us
to work with them to build that
integration. Um I don't want to just
build it blindly because we have limited
engineering resources and I'm very
focused on how do we create this memory
layer. So an example of something that
we're building is is another agent uh we
call her Athena who can look across all
calls. So, if you have a question like,
"Hey, in over the last six months, which
competitors have come up on sales calls
of ours," you can ask that to Athena and
she can get you the answer to that
question. In order to do that, we have
to handle all of these transcripts
really well. Like, we need to take the
transcripts, we need to chunk them down,
we need to save them as vector
embeddings, we need to be able to
retrieve that information. Um, there's a
lot going on.
Uh, yeah, they do have a big percentage
of the market. Huh. Luckily, a lot of
the companies that I work with um
historically have been HubSpot users,
but I do shed a tear every time I hear
someone who's currently on HubSpot who's
considering moving to Salesforce. But I
actually just spoke to somebody who went
the other way. They had Salesforce,
they're moving to HubSpot, so I was
pretty happy about that. But yeah, it's
tough. Yes, this call is recorded. Um
and by the way, any questions around AI
or sales, just type them into the chat.
I'm more than happy to answer questions.
You can also tell me a bit about your
situation. I'm happy to give you like a
very direct answer of what I would do in
your u your shoes. Uh, this call is
recorded. All the recordings go to um if
you go to salesthread.ai,
you'll find them there in the learn tab.
Um, okay. So, what do we have here? Oh,
also you see this? My son drew these.
This is not. I don't want you to think
that this is my version of
work. It is not. He is six. Is much to
learn about creating a flowchart.
All right. Any questions? can be AI
related, it could be salesreated. If you
want me to nerd out about something AI
or if you're just curious like, hey,
what are some cool thing? Maybe I'll
just answer that. Like, what are some
cool things that I'm really excited
about in the AI world? Um,
have you guys heard of the new uh
anthropic model? Have you heard of this?
This is called Mythos,
which is a cool name.
Yes or no? Have you heard of Mythos? So,
Anthropic came out with a new model.
Well, they they kind of announced a new
model and um they call it Mythos. It's
so powerful they will not let us use it,
which is like the most marketing BS
thing I've ever heard, but it's what
they said. And um what they did was they
partnered with Google, Amazon, PaloAlto
Networks, um
met everybody. They partnered with a
whole bunch of people because what
happened was it was so powerful that it
spotted all of these security
vulnerabilities in basically every tool
that they had it looked at and it was
too powerful and people were going to
hack everything and the world was going
to end and we would all be slaves to the
machine. I might be adding that last
part, but that was basically what they
said. So what they did is um they
created this partnership and they're
working on like some cyber security
project using using um Mythos, but
they've had it since February is what
they said. And um there's a big like
kind of uh discussion that's come from
this around what like a company that
creates the most powerful model, one,
what do they do with it? Do they share
it? Do they not share it? I'm not sure.
Um, but the other part of it is how much
is that going to cost?
And uh, yes, Jeff, that that is the
Greek um, myth or story with mythos. I
like that quite quite a lot. Um, as you
can imagine, I got very excited. I'm
Greek for those you don't know. Jeeoff
and I know each other well. Um, he knows
it's a happy place for me. Anytime we
name an AI thing after something Greek,
I get excited. But, okay. So, let's uh
let's talk about this for for a second.
We um
right now if you have the highest plan,
how many people use Claude? Type in if
you use Claude, yes or no? Or just type
in which LLM you use? Claude, um Chachi
PD, whatever. Um here's where I'm going
to go with this. If you use Claude, I'll
use Claude because I know their numbers
pretty well. And you're on their max
plan and you hit your limit, your your
usage limit every single month. Okay, we
have one person using Cloud, Chachi BT,
Gemini, we're all over the place. Um,
cool.
Claude Squad, let's go. Okay. Um, I
actually don't use Claude, fun fact. But
if you're on the Claude Max plan, then
um, and you hit your limits. You
actually hit your limits every month,
you are getting about I think it's like
$2 to $3,000 in compute costs and you're
only paying $200.
Now, let me say that again.
$2,000 worth of compute for $200. If you
were a pizza shop and you sold your $20
pizza for $5, how long will you be in
business? Not very long. They are losing
money on folks who are hitting their
tier. Now, most people don't hit their
limit, right? And that's what they sort
of bet on. There's also a marketing push
of this, too. Like people who use the
max usage talk about it a lot more. it's
a big marketing thing, whatever. So,
they're willing to take the hit. For how
long, I argue, right? Like VC is only is
going to subsidize this for so long,
right? Um, so Lyall, you read about
this. You guys can all look this up.
It's a very um I think this is a very
important thing for you for everyone to
understand.
I'm guessing Claude Mythos or I know I
know that the compute costs are way
higher than anything else. Okay, so I
already know that, but I'm guessing it's
insane. Okay, my guess is like it's
absurd how expensive it costs. And I
bring this up because how much are you
willing to spend?
Have you thought about that? How much
are you willing to spend? The correct
answer is well, what does it do? Right?
In order for it to do anything, there's
a level of infrastructure that you need
to have as an organization. So that that
just keep that in your mind. Right? I
was like, I know exactly how much I'm
willing to spend. I'm willing to spend
$20 a month.
That's good. Um, perfect. Uh, but but my
point is what we're starting to see. So,
uh, let me give you some evidence of
this before I go go deeper. Look at um
what Anthropic did. Anthropic. How many
people uh type in yes if you are
familiar with Open Claw?
You should be called Clawbot
then renamed a thousand times. Um,
called Open Claw.
What they did was they made it to where
you couldn't Okay, so let me explain
just because I got to know. Let me
explain. Open Claw is an agent
orchestration platform. That's what I
would call it where um you could you
used to be able to use your cloud plan
because it's a wrapper for it somewhat.
Um it's a little more than a wrapper,
but anyway, you could log in with your
cloud subscription and it would use the
tokens that you have, your own usage to
do stuff. And that stuff would be
spinning up all of these new agents
doing different work for you. It could
use your computer. You could install it
on a Mac Mini at your office and you
could literally text it to go do jobs
like do stuff for you. Okay, so that's
what it does. And it think of it like
an one master AI agent kind of like a
claude co-work experience that can also
sub create spawn or spawn um sub agents
and do a whole bunch of stuff for you.
Okay. You used to be able to log in
through through uh you used to be able
to use your clawed subscription, your
Mac subscription with OpenClaw and it
could do all of this stuff for you. They
they stopped allowing you to do that
which is funny because it's built with
their SDK. So it's kind of like what the
hell is going on here? They also have
moved a lot of their resources and
they're reallocating the compute like
how they're um how they're uh
when I say reallocating their compute
it's it's which models are you going to
be giving the compute to and who do you
prioritize here I want better models
that means I need more compute which
costs us more money who will spend more
money enterprises right B2B and
historically we've seen a more of the
BTOC push push from these companies like
OpenAI the vast majority almost all of
their user a vast majority of it 80% I
believe it might even be higher until
recently now they're doing a big
enterprise push but for the most part
it's been TOC
well the businesses are the ones who
actually will see real productivity
gains that they can quantify right so
Lyall I don't know if you own a company
I don't know what your role is but you
might only justify 20 bucks a month for
your own usage right maybe as a
individual sales rep oh you helps me
write emails better. I'll pay 20 bucks a
month. Well, what if I can replace an
entire person?
What if instead of hiring um a second
marketing coordinator, I just hire or I
don't hire at all. I just keep the same
person. I have an AI agent that does 80%
of the job that that marketing
coordinator does. Well, you're willing
to spend a lot more. And that's where I
think we're starting to see things move.
We're moving into a world where these
large um foundation model companies that
are building these models are trying to
think how do we actually get paid
enough to justify all of the investment.
And that's the rub right now, right? We
talk about AI being a bubble. Um well,
it's obviously a bubble, but will the
bubble pop? That's all that anybody
really cares about, right? Um the bubble
might not pop
or it might. But in order to get the
value out of AI, a lot of work is
required that a lot of the
infrastructure work that's sales thread
that's the world that I'm trying to live
in is hey here's the infrastructure you
need to get the AI to work right
that has to happen for all of these
companies. So what some of the larger
enterprises are doing is they're hiring
anthropic. I a high percentage. Let me
actually look up real quick. What
percentage of anthropics business is
from B2B versus B TOC?
Yeah, that's the number I was going to
say too. 80% of Anthropic's business is
B2B, businessto business. And what these
large enterprises do is they go to
Anthropy. They say, "Hey, help us build
out the infrastructure we need to be
able to do whatever we want to do,
whatever work we feel like needs to be
done." And there's a big like consulting
services department or arm of Anthropic
that does all of that. And uh OpenAI is
starting to do this too. What percent of
OpenAI's business right now more current
is enterprise because they've been
making a big push over the last um or I
should say B2B, right?
Okay, so as of early 2026, Enterprise
Business Consult uh constitutes more
than 40% of OpenAI's total revenue and
they made this big shift near the end of
last year because it used to be like 20
to 30% and they've made this big shift.
You're seeing it move to the enterprise.
What's happening today is the companies
are moving more towards B2B, right? Then
on the B2B level, as they build out this
infrastructure and they build this
intelligence layer that works on top of
that infrastructure to do work, that all
comes trickling down and you're seeing
startups. I'm in the San Francisco Bay
area. I live um about an hour hour
outside the city, 45 minutes to an hour
outside of the city. And um all around
here, like the companies that are being
started right now are trying to hire as
few people as possible. And I think
we're going to continue to see that
happen. I think we're see a lot more
companies. I think a lot less people
will be hired at companies. You'll be
able to run larger organizations with
way fewer people and you're just going
to try to hire the best people that you
can. And that's what I'll leave you with
today. Since I didn't get any other
questions, you guys just listened to me
yap about that. Hopefully that was
interesting and helpful for you. Nobody
left, so I'm assuming you guys
appreciated it. Um, thank you so much.
If you ever have any questions, let me
know. Next week I'm do Oh, let me
actually plug this real quick. Next week
I'm doing a live class. I forget what
it's on. The week after that I'm going
to be walking through an entire uh
automation on how to build almost an
AISDR. Everything to the actual message
getting sent. So all the lead research,
all that part of it. Adding the message
getting sent stuff is the easy stuff,
but basically how to build an AI SDR.
I'm going to walk everybody through
that. Not next week, the week after. But
I do this every week. Sales thread.ai.
You can see all the classes coming up.
Um cool. I'm glad Kyle's AI gap was
good. Thank you. I'm glad it was
informative, Rod. Thank you. Thank you.
I appreciate it. Um, take a look at the
classes we have coming up. If you have
any questions for me, never hesitate to
reach out. I really appreciate it. We'll
talk soon. Bye.
