Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "jzyS1KJKUbo",
  "title": "How to Turn Cold Emails into High-Impact Conversations | The Emblazers Show ft. Becc Holland",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzyS1KJKUbo",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
An object in motion stays in motion, an
object at rest stays at rest. If they're
at rest before the cold email, they're
going to stay at rest even if they give
you the details of that pain that they
currently know. They're going to stay at
rest unless you find something new. So,
you have to find something new that they
didn't know about within your cold
outreach whenever you're sending it to
them.
>> Welcome to the Emblazer show, where B2B
leaders are igniting revenue. I'm your
host, Abby Corr. And on today's episode,
my colleague, Tim Riesterer, sits down
with CEO of Flip the Script, Beck
Holland, to unpack why the old
prospecting playbook is failing and what
today's sellers must do instead. From
creating demand to writing outreach that
actually earns attention, this
conversation is full of sharp, practical
ways to build pipeline more effectively.
But first, let's talk a little bit about
Beck Holland. Beck is CEO of Flip the
Script, a sales media company, and she
calls herself a victim of the craft and
a practitioner to the core. She is on
the relentless drive to pivot the sales
world into seeing things from their
buyers' point of view. Beck describes
herself as an opinionated girl from
Texas who lives in Paris, loves data,
Bill James, Oscar de la Renta, and
Charles Dickens, and as someone who just
wants to make the sales world a better
place to be in. Let's go to the episode
right now.
>> Beck, it's so great to have you here. So
great to see you again. I know you're in
France, but I feel like you're right
here. I get asked these questions all
the time. We work with a couple hundred
clients every year, and one of the hot
topics is prospecting, and not just
prospecting BDR SDR, but full funnel
people have to do their own prospecting,
and they're like, "Our top of the
funnels are are not filling. Our new
logo pipeline creation is lagging." And
I'm like, "If we're going to do a
podcast on that, I can't do it alone. I
got to bring Beck Holland to the table."
>> To fill with the empty air. To me.
[laughter]
>> Fill the air.
>> And you know what? I mean I mean this
just just totally generously, you can
fill a lot of air. So
>> I can. I got a lot of air.
>> [laughter]
>> So let's let's talk about this for a
second because I don't think prospecting
today when people are saying oh they're
lamenting the prospecting pain, the
solutions aren't the same as they've
always been. Stuff's moving so fast in
this space. So I you've been around it a
little bit. So tell me what
was formerly known as prospecting and
what today is known as prospecting.
>> Yeah, well I think it's a a great topic
and BTW thanks for for having me. I'm
I'm glad to to to fill the air with you.
We you anytime. But as far as
prospecting how it's changed, I think I
mean we could talk about a lot of
tactics and obviously the introduction
of AI and da da da and how the
landscape's changed and how much tech
has changed. I think the main thing
that's changed that's changed the
reality for so many people is the
results have changed from what was what
we used to be doing with the results
were to what they are today for what we
used to be doing. So what used to be
done in the past was I'm going to load
up a you know a thousand contacts. I'm
going to put them into a sequence. I'm
going to write to the best of my ability
of you know a certain cadence or
sequence of actions depending on my
sales engagement provider and I'm just
going to hit blast with a certain
cursory amount of customization of like
first name and maybe the introduction of
the company name or their role and that
was working. You know, this is back in
2000 and I would say 15, 16 era was
really when sales engagement was coming
on the spot and so it was working being
defined as before people had really
branched out their TAM and before the
introduction of email deliverability and
people getting less and less emails. I
mean people were booking 35, 40 outbound
appointments a month depending on the
maturity of the market that they were
selling into. So we slowly saw that
dissipate, dissipate, dissipate not only
within an organization as they'd been
prospecting over time, but over the
market at all,
hooks that were used to work weren't
working anymore. And so, we've seen kind
of this slow paddle out to where I would
say the average, I mean, it's been
dependent over time, but if you are
still using that kind of approach
regardless of the quality of the
writing, but sending over, you know, 50
emails a day to different people within
your {quote} TAM without any
personalization, without finding
something that they don't know. I mean,
people are booking I would say on the
upper hand of one to two appointments on
outbound two outbound per month per rep,
which the math just isn't there anymore.
So, that's kind of the old state of
things and how they're panning out today
if people are using old tactics.
>> So, the math isn't the same to how we're
holding people accountable, the
activities and the volumes we're
measuring all have to change. So, what
does that look like today? Like as as if
I lead a team or I have expectations of
my full funnel sellers to do meaningful
prospecting, what should I be expecting?
What should I be inspecting?
>> Yeah, well, I I have That's a great
question. I think the main thing that
has to change, I'm not going to say that
it has changed, but the thing that has
to change for people to be successful is
we are dependent upon in the older world
of there's a certain a portion of my
market that's already in market of like
a pain has turned into a problem,
meaning pain's just a negative
experience. It could be scale one to 10
to one, could be a nine, could be a two,
could be an eight, could be unbearable,
etc.
You know, and a problem something you're
going to do something about. You're
going to solve or solve for. So, not all
pains are problems. Something that's
annoying is doesn't mean that you're
going to solve for it. It's dependent
upon priority. So, in the former world,
we are just banking on the idea that we
were going to run into this slim slim
slim, and I mean razor sharp slim
portion of the market that was about to
do something about something, but just
hadn't quite yet. And the numbers slowly
showed that then but especially showed
that now. So, I mean, the average open
rate is 15 to 25%
and the average reply rate overall is
0.5 to 0.7% not like positive reply rate
like they're going to take a meeting
meaning unsubscribe is included in that
not 50% half a percent. And so, our
numbers just show it. So, I think the
thing that has to change is we have to
instead of attract pre-existing demand
we have to create new demand with our
emails. And people will say like, "Well,
that can't be done. What are you going
to do create the urgency with discounts
or you going to create it with that?"
And I'm like, "No, you don't create
demand by issuing out a discount."
Actually, statistically speaking, that
will decrease the odds that you're going
to close. You have to create new demand
by creating a new problem not by
creating a problem that doesn't exist
but by finding a problem for the person
that they didn't know about. So, if they
think the problem you know, the the pain
that they have is size state of Texas
but actually the size of the problem is
size of the United States. They're only
going to spend money and prioritize
based on the size of state of Texas cuz
that's what they know. But what they
don't know is all of these other states
that exist that are going to turn into a
goblin very quickly if they don't do
something about. So, cold calls, emails,
you know, marketing materials, etc. but
especially cold outreach if it's done
well and this is the you know, 0.02% of
the time that I'm going to say that cold
outreach does actually do this. It
should be asking a question to qualify
someone that they have a problem that
they previously speaking didn't know
about. Then you create new demand on the
spot. So, you create more urgency and
bud- budget and like need or desire to
solve for it because based on what they
knew beforehand they weren't willing to
do anything about it. But based on what
they know now after that cold email they
are willing to do something about it.
So, I'll kind of end this rant with
this. An object in motion stays in
motion. An object at rest stays at rest.
If they're at rest before the cold cold
email, they're going to stay at rest
even if they give you the details of
that pain that they currently know.
They're going to stay at rest unless you
find something new. So, cold outreach
should not be cursed by we work with
people who struggle with blank because
if they struggle with blank and they can
identify with that group, it means that
whatever they're struggling
quote-unquote struggling with is not bad
enough based on what they know. So, you
have to find something new that they
didn't know about within your cold
outreach whenever you're sending it to
them.
>> Yeah, that's so rich because so many
companies want to do like voice of the
customer or look at keywords and things
like that and say if we can just align
to the problems they know they have and
the problems they seem to be searching
on, then we will we'll catch them.
What I hear you saying is that that it
was razor thin and now it's even thinner
and we're never going to hit the kinds
of targets and numbers we're looking for
just waiting to catch that demand. We
have to create demand and creating
demand is a bigger lift than most people
think. Like the object that's not in
motion is also subject to status quo
bias and all those things that are just
holding them back and I always say it's
a much
bigger dig to get somebody off of status
quo and in motion than people estimate
and yet they write such vanilla stuff.
They offer such vanilla conclusions that
there's just
>> no way that's going to work. There's no
way you're going to get an object off of
rest.
>> 100% and even when you're talking about
an object in motion stays in motion
unless an act upon by an outside force.
An outside force like procurement, an
outside force like new buyer in the
deal. Like people slow down in essence
because of fear. So, the way you can
counteract both is by finding things
that they didn't know. It's not by
making them more afraid of what they're
already afraid of. It's by in
them to understand things that they
didn't know so that they're less afraid
that what they are that
outcome uncertainty that they're not
going to reach their outcome. It's
decreasing that bucket by finding things
that they didn't know. So they're like
beforehand, they know that they don't
know enough. That's clear. That's why
they research so much. I mean Forrester
talks about there's 20 different things
that they will look up before they even
start to make a purchase and 72% of
buyers won't engage with a seller before
they start to do research. They know
they don't know enough. But it's like if
I can help find some things new even if
it if they're still it can propel them
into motion. If they're in motion, it
can keep them into motion like almost in
curling you're countering at that
friction by finding things that they
didn't know. So they're like based on
what I knew beforehand, I wasn't
confident but based on what I know now
after this seller, I'm more confident
not that that gremlin won't become true,
but that the odds of that gremlin
becoming true are less because this
person is in in front of me and is an
advocate with me in this this buying
journey.
>> So it's really rich to tell them
something they don't know. Which is
where do you find that? Because you
can't go ask them cuz by definition they
don't know it. So how do you find it and
then how do you present it in a way
where you're not like saying you suck,
you suck. You're like they're going,
"Oh, wow. Thank you. Can I have another
one of those?" Tell me um seems like a
magic formula.
How do you invent the gremlins and the
goblins that are effective?
>> Yeah. So I mean the million-dollar
question is people are like, "Well, how
do I find a how do I find so especially
if I'm selling into like a CTO or a CISO
or a buyer person that's very technical
that I'm just an SDR like or I'm just an
account executive, how do I find that?"
So it's actually much more it's much
easier than people think. And the reason
I'm saying this is because I tasked
myself with before I'm training someone
that I have to train on their terms.
Meaning I have to relate all examples to
their buyer. Meaning and that's what
originally what me on the path to solve
it of instead of giving sales examples
or instead of giving dating examples or
whatever it is, you know, that I can
give them real examples for their buyer.
But, you know, as you go from client to
client to client, it's like all their
buyer personas are going to change. So,
it's very simple actually. The smartest
thing that you can do can do and at
least in my opinion is just use whatever
engine you want to and say that give
them two prompts. The first prompt is
give me the top three lagging indicator
KPIs that blank is measured on. So, if
it's a IT director or it's a CFO or if
it's a, you know, let's say a CX
director, then it's give me the top
three but you could say one, you know,
but arguably two, but give me the top
three lagging indicators that the buyer
persona is measured on, the industry
average of those indicators and at what
point they typically cause a problem.
What's the average performance of them?
So, that you know the main North Star.
So, if you don't even know how I'm
measured as a buyer persona, then like
I'm not going to want to talk to you.
So, you'll get a number and it's
different for every persona of like CFO
it's gross profit margin.
IT director is server uptime, you know,
CX director it's customer retention, HR
it's employee retention or open job
reqs. And so, each one of these buyer
personas at least you know the North
Star at that point. Where you really get
meaty is where you say and that's where
the business problem is typically
anchored in my opinion. Where you really
get gritty is the second prompt of give
me the top 20 to 40, you can pick
whichever one you want to, give me the
top 20 leading and coincidental
indicators that affect a the let's use a
CFO for instance that it or let's use
the IT director, let's go really
technical that affect server uptime for
an IT director.
At what point those 20 KPIs, the
industry average of those KPIs
and at what point those 20 KPIs cause a
problem with increasing server downtime
for an IT director in a chart format.
And I say in a chart format, please, cuz
I'm from Texas originally. [laughter]
And so it just spits out these 20
indicators of like, if you want to get
to know a persona, just get to know
their indicators. The only difference
from persona to persona to persona is
what they're measured on and what
they're looking at. So it'll give you
like network storage availability or
backup success rate, you know, for
instance, or for uptime and it will give
you the industry average and at what
point it causes a problem or the network
speed. Let's say network latency. So
instead of to your point saying, do you
have a problem with network latency that
you don't know about? That's ridiculous.
You're finding something they don't know
about. So I really bust it into two
categories of misdiagnosis is something
they believe is not true. A misdiagnosis
is something you miss entirely. So if
they say, "No, we're all good on network
latency." And I'm like my first step is
I'm like, "Well, what do you mean by all
good? What is your network latency, if
you don't mind me asking?" And they're
like, "300 milliseconds." And I'm like,
"Found one."
You know, is what I'm thinking in my
head. So the second step is I deliver a
stat. I'm like, "Interesting." And
they're like, "Well, what do you mean by
interesting?" I'm like, "Well, industry
average is less than 100 milliseconds,
you know, and statistically speaking,
anything over 200 milliseconds is going
to cause a 20% increase in server
downtime for IT director." And then I
just shut up for a second and you can
just see that spark go off. And the
third step is I change
I change the subject to a question on
either what I do think the root cause is
of like, "What's your backup success
rate, if you don't mind me asking?" Or
to double down on the root cause that
I've just blown up of like, "How long
has your network latency been at 300
milliseconds, if you don't mind me
asking?" So in that case scenario,
you're not even reveling in the moment
that you're like, "I just found
something you don't know." And like to
to your credit of like
they're just trying to solve a problem.
So, the fact that you just found
something they didn't know. The goal
isn't to say I'm awesome and I can be
valuable. It's to hypothetically show
them something towards solving that
problem regardless of whether you solved
it or not. So, once you do those like
honestly, it's like put in those those
prompts, get that chart, learn those
metrics. If you learn five, you're going
to be good. You learn 10, you're going
to be great. You learn 20, you're going
to be deadly. Because just cuz they're
an IT director does not know that they
mean that they know the industry average
and at what point, you know, it
hypothetically causes a problem. So,
anytime you find one of those, you spark
more, create more demand for for them to
hypothetically solve for it and also
counteract the idea in their head that
they're going to get it wrong because
when you recommend something, they think
A it's for a reason and B it's for the
right reason because you know a heck of
a lot of stuff that you can add to the
game of what they already do. So, in my
experience, that's how you can do it
without being like you're, you know,
>> You don't want to say the S word because
you were not allowed to or
>> [laughter]
>> I think what's interesting is that like
the idea that you don't even have to
know what their performance is. Like I
always understand persuasion, the most
effective form of persuasion to be a
self-persuasion. So, all you did was
sort of evoke self-persuasion. You're
like, here's a here's a North Star
benchmark.
Here's an industry average and here's
what happens if you're below the
industry average. And then it's kind of
what say you, you know, almost like you
don't even have to ask what their
performance is. You present these and
now they're they're trying it on.
They're taking ownership of it and I
always say now they can give you an
answer where they're they're maybe
better than that, but they're still
broken. And and
>> [laughter]
>> because you've you've expanded their
their range of reason. They're now like,
"Wow, okay. This is a big deal. I didn't
know this was as big a deal. I didn't
realize this thing was keeping me from
achieving my end goal and I didn't
realize how important it was and I
didn't realize how off I was. But again,
you didn't go in telling them they
stink. You go in just giving them some
data, sharing a few insights, and then
asking a really good provocative
question.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean in in most of what
I'm trying to harbor before I give any
kind of stat is I'm trying to find out
what is their specific data point
because I mean you don't know. You don't
know if it's a problem for them. I mean
statistically speaking you're like maybe
it it likely is, but when I ask that
stat if they were to tell me I'm like,
"What's your network latency?" and
they're like 95 milliseconds. I'm like
they're fine and I move on cuz I'm like
that's not a problem. You know, but I'm
like, "What's your backup success rate?"
for instance and they're like, "No,
we're pretty good." I'm like, "What's
pretty good?" They're like, "72." I'm
like, "Ooh, found one." And it's not
just about finding the ones that like
people will talk a lot a lot about if
they're harboring the conversation a
certain way to change it onto the one
that you solve and I'm like, "That's not
how buyers work cuz that's not how
buyers solve." Meaning it doesn't matter
if you help them with something that you
don't specifically solve for with your
product. They see you as valuable or
they don't. And that's based on how many
unknowns did you find for them in the
process of solving? So if you find
three, even if you don't sell to those,
you almost get double credit cuz they
know that your agenda is to help
regardless of whether that means cash to
you. So I'm like, "That's the good news
of like you don't just have to memorize
and narrow in on the ones that you point
to." Like if if you help me on these
three points and I'm wondering, you
know, what you think about this point on
that you do sell towards or you do, you
know, uh can hypothetically bend
towards. So it's just a really meaty
conversation. The worst-case scenario
they walk away with more information
than they had before they talked to you.
So like kind of to bring it all full
circle in terms of prospecting, I think
the main thing that people are doing
wrong is they're like, "Do you struggle
with this problem that you already know
that you have?" And I'm like, well, put
aside the fact that they already knew
they had it, it was bad enough they
would already start to do something
about it. You have no credibility there.
Everyone wants to sell to Southwest
Airlines now. Everyone wants to You know
what I'm saying? Of like, after the
problem has occurred, but the real
seller, the real helper, the real
prospector sells and prospects to
Southwest Airlines before the meltdown
at Christmas because they're asking a
certain amount of questions and they're
like, "Statistically speaking, this is
what's going to happen if you keep
rolling forward." And then all of the
sudden you have a buying curl on the
line because this impact is going to
come. And like, they're solving or
you're prospecting, creating demand
around something they didn't know about
before that that Grinch comes out for
Christmas and wrecks Christmas cuz their
systems. You know, so I I think that's
the main thing people are missing that
it's always what a prospector should
have been doing, but especially now. I'm
like, now the the the former play was a
It should never have worked, but
especially isn't working now.
>> Yeah, I I feel like
the change is is essentially this. You
were searching for people in market, now
you're creating demand, and the only way
you can create demand is by telling them
something they don't already know. So,
you can know You're no longer just a
tape recorder asking them their needs
and responding. This is how you make the
leap to something that's somewhat of a
trusted advisor. You You see things that
maybe they're not seeing, and that's how
you add value.
>> Totally.
>> What if your next big revenue move
didn't come from a blog post or a cold
LinkedIn scroll, but from a real
conversation with leaders who've been
there?
>> [music]
>> As the world of sales is constantly
evolving and constantly changing, I
think it's even more critical to get
together with people [music] to
understand how are they helping to solve
some of the problems that our buyers
have today. Meet in Blaze, a community
of sharp B2B minds, CROs, CSOs, rising
stars, sharing what's actually [music]
working in sales enablement and customer
growth.
>> Um, we always find a lot of value in the
partnerships that we're able to form
[music] with some of the other great
organizations that are part of the team
here. And uh personally, I love the
opportunity to connect with my peer
group outside [music] of other
organizations and learn from them and
try to figure out if there's things that
they're doing that we can pull into our
organization and benefit from.
>> Join a monthly forum, dig into
science-backed strategy, and get insight
you won't find in your feed. Start your
Embark Blaze journey today at
embarkblazegrowth.com.
>> How do we get more practical and even
tactical? So, speak to the leaders. What
can they do for their teams? And then
we'll take a little time to talk about
some very specific things that
literally, what must change about your
your emails, for example. But, how do
leaders need to now equip their teams
differently?
>> Okay, so the the first thing that I
would do from a leadership perspective
the main thing that you can do, in my
opinion, is to is lead routing and
sequence shell writing. Essentially,
like
everyone wants to take advantage of a
trigger
trigger-based There's personalization is
and there's relevance. Personalization's
one-to-one, relevance is one-to-many,
regardless of what the cohort is. People
who download a content, people who
attended a webinar, or whatever it is.
The smartest thing that you can do as a
leader is taking off list cleaning, list
building, auto routing, and creating a
sequence for each one of these relevant
actions where the person in real time,
like when they download content or when
they attend a webinar, who is a part of
the that person's account
is auto routed straight through to the
sequence. And what I do is my sequences
they have five emails, and the first and
fifth email are the ones that change
based on trigger.
And basically, the first line is like,
"Hi, I noticed that you attended and
it's like the event that it's dynamic
tags in there, you know, the uh
In-Flight podcast episode, you know, X
with that column. But more importantly,"
and there's a personalization gap there.
That's what the rep fills in. So, all of
these reps want to take advantage of
these triggers, but what they can't do
is figure out who just IPO'd, who just
moved headquarters, who just attended
this webinar in real time. And by the
time that they do figure it out
hypothetically, the point of the matter
is gone. So, the number one thing that
that uh leaders can do is to build a
sequence for each one of those actions,
build in a way to where every time one
of those actions happens, basically
whoever owns the account that the people
in the CRM are auto-routed straight
through to where they just have to focus
on the 10% of personalization.
>> So, that is a structural, if you will,
administrative burden relieved so that
your people can add the value.
>> Unbelievable, yeah. For rep I mean, 45%
of the time is spent on list building
alone, list cleaning alone. So, the
Yeah, to your point.
>> So, you said five emails. Emails, that's
still a thing? Um and something
Something has got to change in how you
do emails, too, because if we're all
still doing emails and you're not
disagreeing, emails matter, what should
I do? Like, give me a few examples of
things I can practically do different
and better tomorrow that are working
today versus maybe what I was trying in
the past.
>> So, I'm going to try and go rapid-fire
for like a minute and a half a piece for
four different buckets. But But email is
working as the punchline. It's just not
working how most people do it. But the
first thing to think about is email
deliverability. So, what email or the
first bucket is email deliverability?
So, what email deliverability means is
only 59% of your emails are being
delivered to the primary inbox. So,
straight off the bat, 41 of the emails
if you sent 100, people aren't seeing.
And if what they're measuring for
essentially, what ISPs are measuring for
is does this look like mass blast
behavior or does this look like an
actual person? Now, you're marked on a
number of different things, you know,
for almost from the local level of what
are you doing and is your team doing?
What is the recipient doing like are
they blocking you or hitting
unsubscribe? And then are from a federal
level are you on a blacklist for
egregious behaviors? But the things how
I would think about it is you're
measured as a team and over time. So
some quick tips on what to look for. If
you're less than a 50% open rate you
have a email deliverability problem,
period. And industry average is 15-25%.
So some tips on it less links the
better. So like if you have a link to
your LinkedIn, if you link to your phone
number, if you link to the website,
every single time you include a link,
you are encouraging basically your email
to not be delivered. No same subject
lines. So even if it's me sending an
email and my team member sending an
email to completely different person,
completely different company, your
domain is measured the same. So they're
like why are they sending a subject line
that looks exactly the same. So no lines
should be the same. No more than 50
emails a day, no capitalized letters, no
red font, no exclamation points. I would
wouldn't batch them all out at one time
of like I'm not going to send out 50
emails at one time of like 1:00 let's
say. And equidistant times will hurt
you. 1, 1:05, 1:10, 1:15, 1:20, 1:25,
etc. I would avoid social words in the
subject line like your LinkedIn about
bio because I get to social promo. Less
GIFs the better oddly enough. Images are
okay but not uh four images. And Bitly
or shortened links or 404s are really
going to hurt you and verified sites
will help you. So unverified sites will
hurt you in terms of links. So those are
just kind of some of the rapid fire tips
on deliverability. If you don't have
Dkim, Dmark, and SPF set up then it's
going to going to hurt you. So I would
for sure think about a dated decay and
an email deliverability strategy before
even think about anything else.
>> Okay, that's your number one,
deliverability. Take a swig.
>> [laughter]
>> Bucket number two.
>> Bucket two
Bucket two is I would think about
subject lines. So, I mean again, the the
industry average open rate is 15 to 25%.
Part of that is deliverability and part
of that is subject line. So, subject
line, some things I would think about, I
would go to my personal spam and start
to look at the subject lines, how they
are, and how they're structured. You got
to keep in mind there's 19,000 or sorry,
20,000 different engineers at Google.
I would imagine 20 19,000 of them are
after us. What they're looking for is
like sales behaviors. There's always a
pattern. Like a personality is just
defined as a pattern of interactions.
Personality disorder is just an abnormal
pattern, but there's always a pattern.
So, I would look I would look at my
subject lines and think, do they read
like a marketing email? Do they read
like a sales email? And think about the
preview text, too. If it says anything
about SEO, optimization, we miss you,
then people aren't going to open it. And
when they don't open it, if they don't
open it and delete it, it actually
double hurts against your
deliverability. So, I would think about
is this something that a normal
salesperson or marketer would say? If
it's anything above skill one to 10 and
eight, I would say yes, and you got to
start over again. So, it's about saying
things that basically a normal
salesperson or normal marketer doesn't
say within reason, that doesn't say, and
it has to have to the body, because if
it is something they would normally say,
then someone's going to delete it
because they know what it is before they
open it.
That's bucket two.
>> Okay.
Bucket three, do you need a drink of
water?
>> No, I don't. I'm wrapped up. Um bucket
bucket three would be uh readability.
So, my biggest tips on a read the
readability of an email, I mean the
average person spends nine seconds
reading an email. A myth out there is
that it should be in the F-shape
pattern. Actually, F-shape pattern was
for email for uh web design, not for
emails, and it was the worst reading
pattern, increase scanning but not
comprehension. In terms of the actual
email itself, I would think about four
to five lines max. I would never put I
include two lines in a paragraph. The
more acronyms the better, the fewer
company names the better. If you're
going to mention your company name, I
would do it once and I would do it at
the very bottom cuz they're going to
think you're a sales rep. Uh acronyms
are your friend, punctuation's your
friend, odd punctuation's your friend.
And I would for sure avoid the deadly
language that is the normal sales
language. So, I have 250 terms on my
site that are the most commonly used uh
email terms in email of like just
following up, just circling back, just
bubbling this to top the inbox, happy
Monday, hope you and your kids are safe
during these uncertain times. We're My
name's blank, we work with blank and
we're the number one blank who helps
blank do blank. We work with leaders
just like you, quick chat, 15 minutes,
quick coffee chat, sync SEO
optimization, congrats on the funding,
you want to buy our stuff cuz we work
with people who have money to buy our
stuff.
My CEO sent me your way, I was really
impressed by your profile. You know, all
of these terms, the more that you use
them, cheers, you know, quick call,
quick connect, you know, intro in the
subject line, the more that you use
those terms, the more and more
likelihood that they see you as a
salesperson and that they delete the
email before they they even get to the
midsection. So, especially the left-hand
of the first line and the right-hand
side of the first line, left-hand side
of the second line and the middle of the
second line and then on down the row on
the left-hand side is really a hotspot
of if you use if you open the email with
hope you're well, it's you're dead.
>> I can't finish this conversation cuz I
got to go like retool every single one
of my emails. Even though I'm trying to
be authentic and even though it's
personal, I still say those things.
>> I Well, I mean, yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, we'll we'll put a link we'll put a
link in the show notes so that people
can go to your website
as Beck, a former Google engineer who's
decided these are the words. I and
anybody who's like watching this episode
on one and a half X is like dying now
because like
>> [laughter]
>> you're already there. All right, bucket
number four.
>> In bucket number four, I'd say the
biggest thing and I know that I have we
have limited time here.
When you ask them a question, it has to
be objective, no adjectives, no adverbs,
and it has to be a question that you
couldn't have known the answer to
without them, non-leading,
[clears throat]
and a question that it has to be a
question about a metric that's helping
you understand if they have that
problem.
And when you they do answer the
question, you're like, "Oh, they do or
don't have that problem." Meaning, it
can't be like, "Do you have sucky
emails?" Well, it's like, "Well, what
does that even mean?" And I can't even
answer that question. I'm going to
answer to the best of my ability, and I
know you're just leading me somewhere,
so I'm not going to answer the question.
It needs to be a genuine question that
you're like, "What's your email open
rate if you don't mind me asking?" Or do
like, "Do you have a bad email open
rate?" is bad question. They're going to
answer you to the best of their ability.
But if you say, "What's your email open
rate? The reason that I ask is industry
average is 15 to 25, and anything less
than a 50% open rate, you have an email
deliverability problem. If you do me a
favor, go back to your open rate, and if
it's anything less than, you know,
anything less than 40% if you give me 15
minutes to like, that should be the
angle." But when you ask the question in
the email, you have to be after
something they don't know. So, it should
be about a metric, an objective
question, and it will help them it help
you understand based on their answer
whether they had a problem. But the
question that I'd be asking is one
around a metric that they likely have a
problem that they likely don't know
about. That's usually when you're going
to really run into the gold. So, my
fourth tip is when you're asking a
question, it can't be leading, it can't
have adjectives, or doctors and lawyers
both ask questions, but because of their
goal, we see one is more sleazy than the
other because one's trying to get
someone to admit something so someone
else believes something. So, are you
asking questions like a doctor or a
lawyer is the biggest thing that I would
ask myself when I'm reading my own
emails that I'm writing.
>> That's awesome. All of that in just a
few minutes and and every one of those
is is a useful tidbit. It's not theory.
It's a very practical and again, we'll
send you to Beck's website so you can
slow the tape down and take your notes
on that. Um any last thoughts back for I
mean, this is your this is your moment.
If I'm again, a leader of people who who
own their job is either BDR, SDR, or a
seller needs to fill their own pipeline.
Any last thoughts that you should uh
you'd like to wrap up with that I as a
leader should take away.
>> Yeah, I would say
and it's a
Yeah, and equip, prospecting is tough.
It really is tough.
I mean, it's it's one of the toughest
jobs that I would say I would argue at
an organization. But it doesn't have to
be.
It really doesn't. The only key is are
your reps industry experts? Do they know
information about the buyer? If they
don't,
then you have to start there because it
doesn't matter what hook or
permission-based opener or words that I
use once we get into that conversation,
once the buyer realizes like, oh, this
person can't help me even if they wanted
to because they don't have that
information. So, I'd say the two things
that I would do if I'm a leader. Number
one is get my reps to start learning,
aggressively learning about the buyer.
Just give them metric sheets and start
quizzing them at the end of the week.
What is the average you know, this for
the buyer for its profit margin, you
know, for a CFO? What's the average
gross profit margin for the someone
who's in our market? If it's, you know,
CX director, it's like what's the
average churn? What's the average net
upsell? So that they know those metrics
and they have that that will build their
confidence that they can find an unknown
cuz they have the information. But on
the other hand, for you as a leader, the
number one thing that you can do to help
enable your reps other than helping them
enable themselves by learning about the
buyer
is to
become an expert. Like you have to put
yourself in the chair. You have to
become an expert in helping them write
what goes into a great email. They're
not struggling with motivation, but
they're struggling with is they're not
hitting their numbers and because of
that they have no motivation to keep
going. So I would study, study, study
from an email perspective. The reason I
got into this is cuz I I was a leader
that I'm like, I have to find the
components. I have to write these emails
for my reps, you know, that enables them
to they have to fill in this 10% or 15%
or whatever it is in terms of
personalization and hook it, but I need
to be the person that searches out what
are what are the psychological
principles and the aesthetic of an email
and what time of day that you should be
sending this so that they are successful
that the average person who walks into
my organization is successful because of
the time and work I put in. So the the
most effective thing that you can do, if
you're a leader, is start studying, you
know, study until your brain bleeds
about what an effective email is. Try,
try, try, try, try in the front lines
and then you get up and you do it again
because that's what it means to you lead
from you lead from the back and you lead
from the front. You know, so you have to
be so good at a tactician from a
tactical perspective. If you're AE
leader, what are the five questions that
they should have been asking in that
discovery that they weren't? And if you
know those, people will follow cuz they
should because they get better whenever
you're involved in the in the call
review or in the discovery. So if you
can become a brilliant tactician
yourself, like that is where people are
going to start. It's tough, but that's
the job of being a leader is I need to
do the things and put in the hours and
put in the reps and find out the facts
that are the things that are going to
help them from an email perspective. I
wasn't great as a from an emotional
perspective. Meaning, I always struggled
with I'm like, ask them about their
weekend because they need to do that and
they need to talk about that so they can
open up. But, I was counting down the
seconds. But, people
people were No one ever quit on me in my
entire career. And if I had to guess
why, it wasn't because of my emotional
skills. But, they're like, well, she
looks awkward when she's asking about my
weekend. But, I'd be like, save this
back and it would work. So, and I don't
think that I'm unique. So, if put in the
time, put in the hours to be a brilliant
tactician is my my biggest giveaway.
>> Yeah, I think in the the the leader who
just stands behind the person pushing
the rock up the hill and just goes,
"Grind. It's just about grinding. It's
about activity. Grind." The That that's
That's not helpful. Like, they're
pushing a rock up a hill. It Get under
there and put some roller skates under
that rock so that it rolls, you know?
So, if you don't know what it takes to
put a rock up a hill and how to make it
easier to push that rock up the hill,
people are going to fail. And you're
going to be like, "Yeah, that's just
this business. Prospecting's hard.
People don't grind." And you just churn
and burn them. And the reality is they
don't see a path to success. You didn't
give them any tools to be successful
other than to grind. And there you go.
And you just accept it. Like, "Oh, well,
that's just how this job works." So,
thank you for that. You've now made it
possible. You've left people with no
excuse. They have to add more value than
they probably have been. So, Beck,
always great to see you.
>> Great to see you. I know it's hard.
Anyone listen, I know it's hard. I mean,
cuz you're like, "Well, I didn't get
that." And it's like, "Well, we got to
break the cycle." And you know, we got
to do the skates work. It's like, I
don't know, man.
>> My mommy didn't do that for me, so I'm
not going to do that for you.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, boy.
>> It was so good to see you. Thank you for
having me.
>> Yeah.
Take care, Beck. Good to see you again.
Bye-bye.
>> Thank you. That's it for today. Another
great episode. Thank you to our guest
Beck Holland. Thank you Tim Reester and
thank you for watching or listening on
your favorite podcast app. Remember to
like, subscribe, rate, and review the
show wherever you're watching or
listening as it helps other leaders find
us. And we would love to have you
explore what the Emblaze community is
all about and join us as a member. Just
go to corporatevisions.com/community
to learn more. We'll see you next time.
