Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "y6CO23qfRDM",
  "title": "How to Sell Without Selling | The Sidekick Life with Franchise Sidekick & Becc Holland",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6CO23qfRDM",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Can I persuade them to buy? Can I
convince them? Like, can you manipulate
them? It's just soft petal terms of all
the same stuff. Can I ask them questions
to make them realize something? Or and
so sellers struggle with this. They're
like, "What question do I ask to get
them to realize?" I'm like, "You got to
stop thinking about what they're
thinking."
>> Trying to reach my goals. Got no time
for mistakes. Yeah. Standing on
business, need a big safe. Suit it up.
Got the blueprint in the briefcase. It's
go time on the grind. Needs a big
>> broadcasting from the franchise Sidekick
Studio. Welcome to the Sidekick Life.
Get ready for stories of passion,
problem solvings, and success from those
living life on their terms.
All right, welcome to another episode of
the Sidekick Life. We are here today
with Beck Holland, CEO of Flip the
Script. She's amazing. We've been
working with her for months now getting
ready for one of our big conferences
which you might be hearing in the
background. But if you're an
entrepreneur and you're thinking, "How
does my company thrive? It's always
sales. How do we find customers? How do
we talk to them? How do we make sure
they're happy with what we're offering?"
And Beck has done such an amazing job
helping our team clarify how to do that
in our world. And so we wanted to bring
her on today just to talk a little bit
about how you do it in general, how you
train companies in general. So first,
welcome. It's great to have you.
>> Thank you. I'm glad to be here.
>> Yeah. All the way from Paris, by the
way.
>> I am. I am. I'm all the way in. Can't
you tell I wore my school uniform?
>> Very French.
>> So, Beck, just kick it off for the
people listening like tell them what
does Flip the Script do?
>> So, Flip the Script is a uh sales media
and training company, but essentially in
my opinion or in my head, there was a
lot of parochial knowledge about how you
should sell, what are the good tenants
of selling and I wanted to turn those
ideas on their head and flip them into
something that was more buyer centric
and something where the conversation is
all about the buyer. how can I help the
buyer? How can I, you know, protect the
buyer whenever they're trying to make a
mistake? And so, it's really um it's
training a media company, but it's
really trying to turn the sales industry
into something that's actually more
advantageous or helpful to the buyer.
>> I love that. Now, one of the things that
I appreciated about working with you is
you didn't have a one script fits all
I'm going to tell you everything. You
you dove into our company. I mean, I
think we had a dozen calls between us
and the people on our team just for you
to understand kind of our DNA. So talk a
little bit about the way you do that for
companies.
>> Yeah. So the funny thing is when I was
first starting the company, I uh talked
with the CEO uh very wellrespected
well-known CEO and I asked him did he
have any advice and he said yeah my one
advice is don't customize. He said don't
customize you know just have like a a
road uh plan. But in my opinion every
single time you're working with someone
they have a different problem. Now they
might have a similar problem but the
magnitude of it the root cause that you
have to change the details that you have
to change to actually solve the problem
you know are completely different. So in
my view or in my experience usually when
people work with someone from the
outside it's like they have a completely
different program with nuances and if
you don't pay attention to those nuances
or you don't you know like do the inner
workings. Now, I mean, for example, if
someone wants to lose like 20 lb or 15
lb or 35 lbs, it's like, well, they
might have completely different
lifestyles. One person might not be able
to work out. One person might work out
all the time. Some people are night
people, some people are morning people,
some people have kids, some people don't
have kids. Like, the lifestyle is
completely different from person to
person to person and how they eat and
their nutritional balance and how much
time do they have. So, if you don't pay
attention to those nuances, not only is
it a disservice to the buyer, but I
think that you are putting the buyer in
a worse spot, you know, of like they're
running the credit card, they're trying
to do something about a problem, and now
they have less resources to solve it
than they did before. So, I take it as a
responsibility of anyone that I come
across. I'm like, I want them to by
definition be in a better spot
afterwards than they are before. So,
>> that's great. That's great. So, talk to
me. Okay. So you work with the several
different companies. Uh franchising. So
what did you know about franchising
before you came into our space?
>> Zero.
>> Zero. Zero.
>> Zero.
>> What was your perception of franchising?
>> Uh Wolf of Wall Street.
>> Wolf of Wall Street.
>> I thought everyone was like crushing
beer cans on their chest and like you
know working out. In my head I also had
this image of I know a guy uh back in uh
Dallas who skinned the uh skin off his
walnuts and like or uh almonds and
soaked them before he ate them. Like in
my head it was fitness guru,
>> protein powder, Wolf of Wall Street, six
beers when the the advisor on the golf
course.
>> I love it. Okay. So then you know you
worked with our team for what two months
before I think we started getting in
front of our adviserss and you were
educating yourself the whole time. So
what were the biggest surprises with
franchising when you started to get into
it?
>> That's interesting. The biggest surprise
I think is in my head it was all legacy
purchase of I'm near the end of my life.
I want to open up a franchise because I
want to I don't know have some
sustainable income. I want to pass
something on to my kids. And most of the
people that I heard on the calls were
younger either at the cusp of their
career and they're like I don't want to
do corporate anymore or even young in
their career of you know I want to learn
how to do something new or I have a kid
on the way and I want to make sure that
I have supplemental income for them. So,
I think the biggest surprise was the
buyer, oddly enough, of interesting. I
had a profile in my head, you know, of
like it's always going to be 65
male. Yeah.
>> You know, that's right on the end and
wants to open like e either that or it
would be a 35 uh 40year-old male who is
trying to open a fitness shop because
they like working out. So, the buyer was
the thing that changed for me the most.
Uh, you know, for every single call that
I watched, that just wasn't the case.
And it sounds like maybe the motivator
as well. You thought it was going to be
people trying to create income for
themselves, but you you heard a lot of
people saying, "I have a family I need
to provide for. I don't get a" And was
that a surprise to you?
>> Yes. And it it it made what you do even
more inherently valuable and also
riskier for the buyer if they don't have
you of like, you know, this isn't
someone who's near the end of the
career. And yes, if they blow it, they
lose their life savings. Da da, but it's
not at a crux of like you have two kids
or you have one on the way. Like that's
a higher risk situation. So I didn't
realize it was at that stage. So I think
that makes it more even more important
for people to and more difficult for
your sellers, I would imagine, of like
you're not talking about someone who can
lose a little bit of money and it's not
that big of a deal. Like they're at the
point in their life where they really
need the gain.
>> Hey Sidekicks, it's Ryan Zinc here. I'll
never forget the moment I opened my
first franchise, helping my first
customer, hiring my first employee, and
cashing my first check. It wasn't just a
business. It was the beginning of living
life on my terms. When Tyler and I
started Franchise Sidekick, we
reimagined how people would find brands
and succeed in franchise ownership.
We're the fastest growing franchise
advisory group in the country because we
built a smarter, techdriven system. Our
approach has helped people just like you
purchase over 10,000 franchise
locations. And we've earned a five-star
rating on Google Doing It. Now, we're
sharing exactly how we do it in a quick
20-minute webinar titled 10,000
locations in counting, the franchise
buyers blueprint. If you're ready to
explore a path to financial freedom and
take control over your future, this is
your first step. And did I mention our
services are always 100% free? Click the
link below to sign up now because you
deserve to live life on your terms.
Did you real realize how big the
industry was and like how much it's
booming right now?
>> I I did and I didn't like in my head it
was uh like conference shirt gun like
you know very motivational of like
people doing push-ups over on the side
like that was the environment in my in
my head. So I I certainly knew it was a
a big industry. Uh but in my head it was
like more brick and mortar or you know
lifestyle or you know uh kind of fitness
and nutrition based.
>> Interesting. All right, let's turn back
to flip the script. So you don't work
with franchise companies very often. You
work with all kinds of companies. So I'm
curious. What is um one or two of the
big mistakes that you see companies
usually make when it comes to sales?
>> Oh, that is a big question. You want one
or two?
>> Both. Yeah. Two. Two. Okay. Two,
I think the the most important mistake
uh or the most important thing that
people can do is they don't learn their
buyer.
>> So, usually someone when they start a
company, it's because they are the buyer
or they know the buyer really well. They
inherently see the problem and they're
like at a bar like if you don't mind me
asking, how did you can you walk me
through the conversation of when you
started Franchise Sidekick? When it
clicked when we started talking about
it, it was because we felt there was a
large number of people that wanted to
own a business, but they didn't do it
for one of two reasons. One was either
access to capital or two was fear.
>> And so we said, how can we go create a
company that challenges the status quo,
which is focused on the risk reduction
part of business ownership? And that's
when we really got to brainstorming
about franchise psych.
>> So, and how did you inherently know that
knowledge of that's what those are the
two biggest things that hold them back?
>> I've been in the industry for 20 years,
right?
>> Right. So like the usually the CEO or
the founder knows the problem, feels the
problem and wants to do something about
the problem. But then when you start to
hire sales people after salesperson as
salesperson, salesperson and now the
view on sales is it it doesn't matter
what company you go into. I'm like yeah
it's kind of like saying it doesn't
matter what like what language I speak
when I go from country to country. I'm
like if you're going from Britain to the
US, yes. If you're going from Italy to
Fr like France, then it does matter. So
every single buyer inherently when you
change from company to company or any
different buyer persona they care about
completely different things. So people
think I think in their brain that the
expertise of a seller is how to
objection handle. And I'm like well that
doesn't help the buyer. Like me learning
how to counter an objection doesn't
inherently help the buyer buy buy more
effectively or it's a conversational
skills thing or I need to speed up my
tone or slow down my tone. But I think
they they go past the number one thing
that matters, which is how do I learn
about my buyer more than my buyer knows
about themselves. So I it's a good
decision if they listen to me. Like the
three things uh I looked at trust at one
point of like how it's defined and it
had three different components. I have
to trust that you're telling me the
truth. I have to trust in your agenda
and I have to trust in your ability. So
I'm like most sales people are gone at
number two. Like their agenda is to sell
and to close of like I want to push you
to buy this franchise, right? So, I'm
going to go full court press. I'm going
to give you case studies and case
stories about how all these amazing
people and I'm like, have you ever heard
a doctor start with case studies of
like, you know, oh, this person down the
street, we solved their problem, too.
So, like they don't even get past the
agenda thing. But the third piece is can
I trust in your ability? Like, do you
know when you recommend something, is it
the actual right thing for me? And like
in your case of like is this the right
franchise for me in terms of my
lifestyle, how much capital that I have,
you know, what I'm looking to achieve
the the main main thing a thing that I
think people don't even think about of
like an onboarding program. You see, and
it's like here's our founder story. You
know, you're going to sit down with our
founders, here's our marketing team,
here's and it's like oh, at the end of
that two-eek process, here's a 30 minute
clip on who our buyer is. And so people
don't even consider that a seller's
expertise hypothetically. I mean the
stats aren't pretty. 82% of buyers don't
want us involved like at all whether
that's a franchise or a stick of gum
because they don't see the value. I'm
like I don't blame them. I I don't think
they're in the wrong. So I'm like unless
we double down there. I think we're con
convinced in our head that our expertise
is to talk at people. I'm like our
expertise if anything is to diagnose and
until it becomes that in the room I
think people won't want sellers around.
>> Do you know if that number is going up
or down? I'm just curious like the 82%
like is it typically trending more
towards Yeah, go for it. I mean I'm just
curious like with the advent of
different technologies and how people
view things. Is it going up or down?
>> Uh it's going down the amount that
people trust sellers. So, I saw a stat
the other day that said um only 3% of
sellers are seen as trustworthy by a
buyer. Three.
>> And that's coming from a place of past
experience. Right.
>> Right. And I'm like invalid experience.
I'm like they don't trust you because
they shouldn't. You know, your number
one thing in your head is the agenda of
like how do I close? The thing I think
that most sellers miss is actually the
things that will help the buyer are the
things will help the seller. Meaning, I
think that our goals are mutually
exclusive in my head if I'm a seller of
like, you know, I'm trying to sell you
as much stuff as I can to the highest
ticket price possible. You're trying to
solve your problem at the lowest ticket
price possible. So, it's this power war.
The buyer's holding back a whole bunch
of stuff of like how much budget they
hypothetically have, are they a decision
maker, when's their timeline, who are
they using, you know, like it doesn't
help them to divulge any of that
information. So sellers are even trained
modern day of like go in and get the
pain and make it feel really bad or you
know go in and get the impact. I'm like
if you're going after things that they
already know, why is it a good idea for
them to tell you
>> all of that stuff? Like if unless it's
going to get me into an advantageous
spot to tell you that information, I'm
actually at a disadvantage because if I
want to make a mistake, like if I'm
hypothetically going to buy a franchise
and it's not going to work, I'm going to
want to do it for the cheapest amount of
of capital possible. So like you see
this power war like the general rule in
um pricing or talking about negotiation
is whoever talks first loses. I'm like
it's because it's a game. I have to
overcome you. And I'm like if the seller
just realize yeah to your point of like
I need to restore myself to their side.
You know people say like how do I build
rapport? Oh I could talk about their
personal life or the boat picture in the
background. I'm like it's a French term
that means to be brought back
>> of like they're trying to solve the
problem. You're trying to solve their
problem too. And when you find a problem
that they didn't know about, it creates
urgency, which also creates them
spending more capital and them trusting
you more. So, go ahead.
>> That's great. I want to dig into that
more because I resonate with what you
say. I resemble what you said. 82% of
buyers are mistrusting. I am that way.
Like, if I want to buy something that's
a big purchase, the last thing I want to
do is speak to somebody who's going to
have the the agenda of selling me. Yeah.
>> And so, I heard you talk a lot about go
to their side, build trust. Um, I assume
that that is done through asking
questions, but if you're training a
company on how to create that type of
relationship, what do you do?
>> I mean, that's a great question. The the
funny thing is, I don't even think I'm
all that smart. Meaning, if people were
to just learn their buyer, naturally,
they would see their numbers increase,
right? Because if I learn five, 10, you
know, new things about the buyer, all of
a sudden, I'm going to want to see if
they have that problem. And so I'm
naturally going to to start to adapt. So
I think the most important thing is um
is I mean you're haveing to you're
having to fight against a natural
instinct that has been built into our
head for thousands of years. If the way
that I get someone to buy is that I
convince them by telling them good
things about this product. So it's like
naturally I mean this is just from a
psychology view. If you were to take a
um one person and introduce them to
another person, the uh person that
someone's going to trust the most is the
person that just asks the most questions
>> of like you bring something to me. Like
it's the highest indicator of emotional
maturity is when someone brings you a
piece of data instead of making a
judgment, you require more inputs. So
you're like, well, tell me that, walk me
through that. What's going on? Someone's
like, I'm pissed off and I want to
leave. And it's like, well, walk me
through that. like so that you can
understand the background and even just
the act of asking more questions will
make the buyer open up. The thing that
I'm nervous about is that someone will
start asking those questions and the
buyer starts opening up and they start
trusting them, but the person doesn't
actually know anything about the buyer.
So, I usually will not train someone on
how to psychologically get someone to
open up the information unless I'm
convinced of like you know what to do
with it. Because if you go through that
exercise, the person starts opening up
to you, they give you all your data, and
then they're more likely to close
because of that, like I got to know that
you you're going to recommend the right
thing because they would be better shut
off from that person, not buying from
that person if they're going to
recommend the wrong thing. So, I think
I don't view sellers as malevolent. I
don't think that they did this because
they're bad people or they want to like
I talk to people day after day after day
and they're like, I don't want to be
salesy. I don't want to be salesy. I
don't want to be salesy. I'm like, then
don't learn your buyer. Diagnose for
them. And then the conversation instead
of being how do I ask questions this
person in the right way that will make
them close becomes how do I ask the
questions that I need to figure out if
they're going to do something that's
actually going to hurt them when they
think it's going to help them so I can
prevent them from making mistakes.
>> That's good. So misalign I mean there's
misalignment there, right? It feels like
there's misalignment. Yeah. And one
thing that is funny that it drives me
nuts when when I hear this term. It's
people buy from people they like.
>> And I I hate it because there's a
difference between you being a friend to
somebody and you actually guiding them
and helping them. Totally.
>> You know, and what you're describing
there is understanding their pain point
and guiding them through the pain to get
to the solution. And I think the whole
misnomer of like, oh, look at the boat
in the background. Let's talk about your
boat. I'm going to get this person to
like me. like talk on that a little bit
like uncovering that cuz that's
something that I think you've done good
with our team is saying uncover keep
going keep deep going deeper deeper
deeper so I really like that. Yeah. I
Well, I think it's funny because when I
came into sales, I remember, you know, I
was at&m at the time and I was going
through a bunch of interviews just cuz I
liked interviews and I remember them
being like, why do you want to get in
sales? And I remember I was like, I'm a
people per I'm a people person. And I'm
like that first of all, I think everyone
in sales learns that that's not true
after about six months and that doesn't
matter. But I'm like, number two, people
don't buy from people they like. They
buy from people they trust and they are
not the same thing. Yeah. I have a lot
of friends that I would not buy anything
from that. I'm like look I don't trust
necessarily that you once you put that
seller cap on your agenda and it's again
it's not cuz they're a bad person but
the rat race starts the clock starts
ticking of like I'm going to try to
convince you and yield the state in this
way. But I'm like, the third thing is I
would rather have a doctor who's a jerk,
>> who can diagnose well
>> than someone who's like, don't be a
jerk. That's table stakes. But like even
if you had someone who's horrible, but
they can diagnose pristinely well and
they can tell you exactly what's
happening to you in the right situation
and what you should do to change to get
to your goal. I'll take that person all
day long over someone who's nice, you
know, or pretends, you know, all that in
my head is just manipulation. You know,
they're like, can I persuade them to
buy? Can I convince them? I'm like, can
you manipulate them? It's just
>> soft petal terms of all the same stuff.
Can I ask some questions to make them
realize something? Or and so sellers
struggle with this. They're like, what
question do I ask to get them to
realize? I'm like, you got to stop
thinking about what they're thinking.
Thinking start thinking about what's
objectively true. Then the questions
come easily. Yeah. Of like, how do I
diagnose? Is this person the right fit
for this? You know, D, and oh, by the
way, do they believe anything that is
going to hurt him? When that's the goal,
the questions naturally flow in. It's
just this culprit of this mindset of
like, I've got to get them to think in a
certain way. And you just see method
after method after method after method
of like, convince, convince, convince,
convince, convince. And now it's like,
go in, learn the impact of their why
behind the why. And I'm like again, if
they give that to they're not going to
give it to you. They're getting smart.
And I
>> back that. I'm like, put the walls up.
They don't want to sell her because they
shouldn't want to sell in the room. So
I'm like, until you learn something
about them, I believe that those walls
should double or triple. So it's like I
don't want to give you my current state
because you're not going to give me a
discount
>> if I give you my current state. So I'm
like, buyers are getting smarter today
and I'm honestly proud of them. Yeah,
>> sales is at a crisis, but I'm like it's
not far off. just learn, you know, if I
were coming into the business, it's
like, how do I get to know what Ryan
knows? So all that credibility, the the
credibility is not the goal, but it is a
symptom of like, you know, I would trust
if I were going to open a franchise, I
would probably come directly to you and
be like, tell me the tell me what I
should do here. So it's like them having
that level of knowledge or at least
chasing that down and seeing that as a
virtue and a key principle is is the
capexis of it.
>> There's two things on my mind as we talk
about this. I keep hearing about walls.
I in my mind I'm visualizing walls.
Walls that need to be broken down in
order to have trust. And I think there's
two regulators or two two two things
that jump out. One,
>> the internet and reviews is a great
regulator because now people have to
come authentically or else hope usually
a company is going to have reviews out
online for other people to see. And if
you come in any other way except in a
trusting, authentic, I want to
understand your position way, the
internet's going to tell everybody about
that, right? And the second is you see
data year in any industry year-over-year
the most effective lead is a referral
because when a referral comes in my
friend told me about you and so I
immediately start with a wall down
because you did a great job for him.
>> Right. Well, and I'm like and why do you
think that is? What do you believe if if
Tyler were to recommend something to
you? What do you believe? Why is that so
strong as a result?
>> Because he has no benefit of me using
that person and I trust him because
we're friends.
>> Yeah. He cares about you. So he doesn't
care about the sale to your point of
number one he doesn't have any necessary
win and he also cares about you of like
I'm like sell in the way of like if it's
your friend or if it's your parent or if
it's someone that you actually care
about and you're starting to get in the
right thing of like some people say like
discipline there's no passion in
discipline. I'm like there's only
passion in discipline. Like if I want to
be an effective doctor, if I want to be
an effective like recommend the the
right franchise, I must take on the
accountability of like I need to learn
enough to where I can be able to do that
so I don't hurt this person.
>> Yeah. One of the things a strategy that
I strategy is the wrong word, a method
that I often use whether it's
interviewing people for a job or when
people ask me about a franchise is I say
the first thing I'm gonna do is talk you
out of it. And and that's my way of
entering in here's the hard stuff. I
want you to know the hard stuff of
working here. I want you to know the
hard stuff of business ownership before
we start talking about the good stuff
because I need you to mentally
understand the effort you're going to
have to put in to be successful. And I
actually think that works a lot of
times. Plenty of times people are like,
I didn't consider that. I'll call you
when I'm ready for those things.
>> So interesting. What is the the main
thing that of why people are
unsuccessful in franchising? What's the
main thing they're missing?
>> Misaligned expectations. Um and I
believe our greatest opportunity to
reduce risk is access to information.
and they can't get anywhere else.
Because if you purchase a franchise and
you thought it was going to be uh easier
to acquire customers, it was going to
cost less to open, you were going to
have to put less time in very quickly. I
call that after the buyer wall, that's
going to be an informed pessimist. They
started as an uninformed optimist.
>> They buy now they know what it's like.
And some people become informed
pessimists because they didn't have the
full story. So when you start by saying,
"Here's all the hard stuff first. Are we
aligned? Now I can tell you about the
benefits.
>> Well, that's why I was thinking through
the process of like if I was going to
actually buy a franchise. There is no
way I would go straight to that vendor
and be like, should I buy one? Like, you
know, cuz they're always going to tell
you the story of like um uh Forester did
a report on all the things that you
consider whenever you're purchasing
something. And the top three to your
point were peer-to-peer of like I called
Tyler and I'm like, "Hey, have you
opened one? Do you like them?" You know,
duh. uh uh industry experts like
influencers and then reviews. And the
interesting thing to me is the reviews,
you don't necessarily know the person
that is leaving the review. Like they
don't necessarily even have any
credibility. It's just the fact that
that agenda pieces removed. Like you
don't they inherently might have a
negative motive of like they just want
to take the brand down, but that's worth
it to us. Those are top three. You're 20
variables down. The last one people
consider is talking to a seller. It's
like 72% of buyers will not even start a
pro a purchase process unless they have
been able to do research because it's
like we have to educate ourselves
because sellers don't educate
themselves. So it's like I'm almost mad
at you as a seller if I come in and then
you're asking me all these qualifying
questions. I'm like stop. I wanted you
to be an expert. I wanted you to help me
but you didn't. So I had to help myself.
So move out of my way. give me the
pricing and like I'm gonna go on my my
merry way. But like these people with
leaving these reviews like you don't
even know if they know anything, but
it's more trustworthy to you because
that agenda piece. Like that's
>> Sorry, I'm curious if you guys do what I
do when I'm when I'm looking at reviews.
If I see one that's too
>> extremely negative or too extremely
positive, I swear I disqualify them
because I'm like that person has an
agenda. Totally. And then I I want a lot
of reviews so I can balance it out. And
then I kind of look at all that middle
stuff and say, "What's I don't want the
exception. I want the rule." Like, "What
are the majority of the people?"
>> The volume of reviews is important,
though. I think that's where reviews are
impactful. If there's a large volume,
right? If there's 5,000 reviews or 2,000
reviews and it's a 4.6, you're like,
"Okay,
the sweet spot is like that 4.6 to 4.8,
right?" So, I think that's important
with reviews, the volume, which you
don't have that with a seller. You have
one person that you have to trust.
That's the other side of it as Like I
wouldn't even know how to go about the
process of opening a franchise if I
weren't to have someone like guiding me
through of like well what's on the menu?
Like
>> is this good? Is this bad? Is this you
know am I actually going to be able to
do this? And I'm like all of that fear
in the buyer's mind. It's valid fear
because they're afraid of what happens
if I don't actually get the outcome. And
I'm like
>> I want to also be afraid of that for
them.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I want to take on that fear
and take it very seriously.
>> It's a survival mechanism. I was just,
you know, we're talking to Donald
Miller, you know, he's at our conference
and like it's a survival mechanism to
live and so that fear is survival and
that's why you have to overcome it and
help them overcome it.
>> Totally. And it's like I'm more
inherently thinking about and the funny
thing is again I don't even necessarily
think I'm a good person. Meaning all
sellers out there, it's not that they
wouldn't do this if they knew it was on
the table. They have just been trained
for so long for thousands of years of
like the number one thing that you need
to develop as a seller is your ability
to talk and I'm like that is wild you
know it's like your ability to learn and
your ability to ask questions of like a
good question should be one that helps
me diagnose the most effectively. That's
a doctor's good question of like you
have lawyers and doctors who both ask
questions but one is trying to achieve
something very different than the other.
we shut down.
>> Very, very simple too, like intro call.
We've been talking about this in an
introductory call, first time you meet
somebody, how much should the seller and
the potential buyer be talking? What is
that ratio?
>> In my head, I'm like I mean, I can tell
you what it is, but in my head, I I
think it should be 10 to 15% tops the
seller.
>> Yeah, it's incredible to think about.
So, anybody listening this podcast,
think about your sales dynamic and when
you when you sell stuff to people, I
guarantee it's probably flipped. Best
scenario, it's maybe 50/50, but that is
best case scenario.
>> Well, and in my head, I'm like, if
you're doing that much talking, why not
just record a demo
>> like of the product of like here's
things that we do. I'm just going to
send this over because that's more
effective. Then you can quality control
it. you can take it over to you know
like whoever like you could do the
videos of like hey these are the intro
videos because you know the most so it's
like if those are the ratios which those
are the ratios of like their inverse it
if you're asking a question to actually
diagnose it should take two seconds if
you're asking a question to try to get
someone somewhere it's yeah it's like
two minutes long there's no question at
the end and the prospect's just like
>> oh do I answer this do I close off the
conversation I don't know what to So,
it's like it's very clear the
difference. The sad thing is I I I can
count on one hand out of all the sales
experiences that I've had where I knew
the person wanted to help me and they
were able to help me.
>> Yeah. So, you know, obviously your job
at Flip the Script is to diagnose those
things for companies and help them
become better. So let's say we're
talking to a a newer entrepreneur,
somebody that has to instill the culture
in their team from the beginning. What
would you what advice would you give
that person?
>> I would say document everything that you
know about the buyer, put together a
buyer resource guide of like if if you
were to try and teach this salesperson,
the new oncoming salesperson, um to be
that person, like to be a franchise
owner, let's say, what would you teach
them? like you effectively like if I'm
going to teach them how to hypo
hypothetically sell to a baseball player
I need to teach them what it's like to
play baseball like that is the the the
first move. So all of that inherent
knowledge cuz like in my in my head or
in my experience when you learn
something after a certain amount of time
you think it's pretty like if I were to
ask you franchise stats or statistics
there's some stuff that you would be
like this is so boring.
>> This is so 101 that I would be blown
away by because I don't know you know I
don't know what I don't know. So it's
like document and start to put that that
uh that inherent knowledge like that is
the primary thing that that salesperson
needs to learn when they walk in the
door. So I wouldn't assume that they
know anything about you. I would assume
they know anything about your buyer and
start there of like if I was going to
educate them to be me, how would I do
that?
>> That's great. Uh I want to turn to you a
little bit. So I think our team met you
because you were doing a sales training
at Inbound for HubSpot.
>> I was. Yes.
>> Which is a huge conference. I mean, it's
an honor for you to be at ours
considering how big that one is. But
talk to us about um just success
stories. Like, give us one success
story. It jumps out. Love it if it was a
company that we recognize. If not,
that's fine, too. Like, tell us a story
of something you've done that you're
proud of.
>> A story of something that I've done that
I'm proud of.
>> So, you mean the client success or
something? Okay.
>> Or or if you
>> Well, I'll I'll do one um at uh that
actually happened at Inbound. I was um
I'm I'm going to uh uh I'm French
wannabe at least at this point so I'm
trying to avoid any kind of go uh move
but I was on the side of basically the
stage was uh there was a door that was
an outlet and there was a line that was
um uh going into the door and it was I
don't couple couple hundred people in
the line and I was sitting there getting
miked up and a woman walks up to me and
she said I can't believe I'm telling
this story if she watches this she's
going to lose her
She said, "Uh," she said, "Uh, I'm so
sorry." She said, "Are you back?" And I
said, "Depends who's asking." And she
was like, "Um, uh, I just wanted to come
up to you to say two things." She was
like, "Number one, I'm pregnant." And I
was like, "I see that." She was probably
eight months pregnant. Um, and she was
like, "So, number one, I can't go to
your talk, but I really wanted to. But
the second thing is I um for the longest
time me and my husband couldn't
uh even think about having a child from
a financial perspective. And so I
watched your videos online and over two
years went from a bottom performer to a
top performer so much to where we now
had the capital
>> to have a child. So she was like this
baby is kind of and I was like
>> I'm going to cry.
>> That's amazing.
>> There's a kid walking around right now
cuz you're an amazing sales fan. Yeah.
So, I have goosebumps thinking about it
that, you know, she was like, "We just
didn't have the money and we couldn't
see a path forward unless we were, you
know, take out a second mortgage or da
da da." But she said, "We're in such a
different um place financially now that
we're, you know," she was like, "We're
already thinking about kid number two."
So, that was probably the most impactful
to me, you know, and these were just
videos online. Like, I put an exhaustive
amount of content on my uh hub online.
So, I had never even met her. Um, so it
was really cool to see not only, you
know, she watches the videos, but like
the her using that and really being
impressed about that.
>> You tell her she had to move from the
free version to the paid version in
order to sell.
>> I was like, what? Before you go, ma'am.
>> Yeah. If you want baby too, it's the
paid version.
>> She was like, I can't even sit through
your session because I'm 8 months
pregnant. I was like, that's completely
fun. I was like tearing up stage.
>> Uh, well, I know we could sit here all
day and talk to you about different
sales methodologies, but I think at the
core of it, what you said was great. We
got to think about how do we put
ourselves in the position of the buyer?
How do we break down walls and builds
trust? How do we spend 15% of the time
talking and 85% of the time asking
questions? So, if people want to learn
more about your methodology, how do they
find you? Where are these free videos
and how do they get in contact with
>> flipcript.com and if you click free
sales training hub, there are yeah 204
hours of recorded content with Dex. And
there's about to be uh this is the first
time I'm saying this out loud. There's
about to be more, but 204 hours of
recorded content if you hit uh free
sales training hub and then there's a
written hub with assets in there.
>> Got it. Amazing. Well, we appreciate you
being on the podcast. We appreciate you
being here to train all of our franchise
partners.
>> So much fun.
>> I'm just I'm really looking forward to
hearing from you.
>> Thank you so much for having me.
>> Of course. You guys should find Beck.
All right. Thanks for being with us
again. Until next time. Thanks for
joining us on the Sidekick Life, where
we highlight true sidekicks,
entrepreneurs who've got their customers
backs, solve real world problems, and
after helping enough people get to live
the life they've always dreamed of.
We'll see you next time.
