Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "Qa-3XhyNOIM",
  "title": "The 2026 Cold (Outreach) Olympics: The Always Be Closing Ceremonies",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa-3XhyNOIM",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Bonjour everyone.
I bet you people people were thinking
that we're not going to do this episode.
People were going to think that I I died
at closing ceremonies. How's it going?
Oh,
yes.
Same to you, Kirsten. She just said it
the thrill of victory and the agony of
defeat.
That's a good good comment, J. Frank.
I'm so glad that we actually did it
today. We have so much to catch up on,
y'all. We have so much to catch up on.
Well, first of all, um, keep in mind, so
I was scanning through it. It made me so
sad because I was going through RAI,
which is the, uh, main Italian station
here
and I put it on channel two and the
Olympics is gone.
The Olympics is gone. They're not
showing coverage of the Olympics
anymore. So, I put REI Sport in the
background, but I am glad that we did it
today. I have a wild story for y'all,
which I understand I am somehow full of
wild stories, but uh Robert J. Frank
Kirsten, I especially have a a wild
story for you three. So, what's going
on?
You're actually uh somewhat involved in
it as well. Um, so I show up to I go to
bob sledding yesterday, which keep in
mind my plan was, okay, so to go to
these last two sports, basically what I
have to do is I have to um right after
we did the live stream on Saturday, I
drove I got a car um uh drove five hours
basically to this small town just
outside of um Cortina because you can't
enter Cortina during the actual games
because it's too busy. and I had to stay
there overnight because bob sled uh
started at 10 in the morning and so you
I couldn't drive that far. So I go and I
um drive five hours, find my way to the
hotel and uh which it's a hotel but it's
really like a five room five room like
Grandma Nona's house. So, I go to sleep,
find it, okay, go to sleep, wake up, and
uh go to bobsled at 10:00 a.m. in the
morning, make it all the way up the hill
just in time to see uh Jamaica go, which
was interesting. By the way, this is
none of the story. See Jamaica go, hang
out there, watch bobsled, go back down
the hill, and uh grab my car. The plan
then is to uh drive basically what it
says is 2 hours and 41 minutes, but
there was a gridlock traffic jam on the
way. So, I spent an hour and a half in
one spot on the highway. I did see
Jamaica. Okay. What's really wild is
there are tons of Jamaicans there and
like they're like celebrities, which I
thought was so cool. So like Jamaicans
would be walking around and everyone was
would like cheer whenever they they came
around. So um yeah, I did see Jamaica,
they came in 21st, so they weren't in
the fourth heat. It was men's third heat
and fourth heat and only the top 20 um
basically go into the last heat, but
that was really really wild to see
Jamaica. So um I'm on my way back to
Verona, which is basically a threehour.
It it says it's two hours and 41
minutes, but I was on the highway in one
spot for an hour and about an hour and a
half. So, it's a buzzer beater to make
it to closing ceremonies. So, I am going
I kid you not, I hit 160 kilometers at
one point on the autobond. I'm like,
move it or lose it. I have to go to
closing ceremonies.
So, I show up and I go to park
and um for some reason I I I go over to
an area and I notice that the parking
lot's like pretty empty. You have to do
these what what are called parking
rides. You can't just park right uh near
the near the stadium.
So, by the way, I did not do this. Okay?
I just want to make that clear.
I did not do this. I promise you, I did
not do this. Okay?
So this gentleman, I had nothing to do
with this.
So this gentleman is, you know, he's
flagging me down.
I'm like, "Okay, great. I'm going to go
into the parking lot."
And he's like, "Okay, here's a parking
lot." I said, "Excuse me. Is this um"
And I I gave him the the parking lot for
where I was supposed to park. And he
goes, "No, no, no. You're in here." And
he said, "The athletes are in here." And
I'm like, "What?" And I was kind of
confused. So he pushes me, you know,
waves me to go through. I was like,
"Well, sir, I'm not an athlete for the
Olympics." And he's like, "Yeah, yeah,
yeah, okay." And then he just waves me
through. So I go to the parking lot and
then you get on a bus shuttle. So I get
on a bus shuttle and I notice as I'm
starting to get on the bus shuttle that
there are some people that look like
they are athletes. They're Olympic
athletes. like they're in all their
gear, like it's a Swiss team. And so I
go up to the guy with the at the bus and
I'm like, "Sir, I I'm not an athlete."
He goes, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Get on
the bus." And he was like, "Where's your
credentials?" I was like, "What
credentials?" And he was like, "Okay,
we'll we'll just find your badge
whenever we get there. It's it's too
late for time. Get on the bus." So I get
on the bus and it's the Swiss team.
Okay. It's the the actual Swiss team,
like this Olympic Swiss team. And I'm
really confused. So, I just kind of keep
my head down and I kind of look down.
And at one point, one of them talks to
me and I was like, "Is is this for
athletes?" And they're like, "Well,
yeah." And I was like, "Well, I'm not an
athlete." They're like, "Okay." And I'm
like, "Okay." So, I get there and then I
get out at the what looks like it says
athletes
uh arrival and we are escorted by police
officers, keep in mind. And then I walk
to the front and then there's just
audience members everywhere,
you know, gated back applauding for us.
I'm just getting heated up with this
story, by the way. Applauding for us.
And then there's like, oh, I don't know,
50 people who are Olympics employees
waiting for us. Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah,
Kirsten. And so they're like over this
way to the left. And I videotaped and
took photographs of some of this because
I'm like, no one's going to believe me.
So I go through and I'm trying to
explain to several Italian employees, I
am not in the Winter Olympics. And no
one seemed, no matter how hard I tried,
apparently my Italian is not that great
because no one would believe me. So
they're like, "Over here to the left,
ma'am." And they're like, "After you."
And I'm like, "I'm not an athlete,
though. I'm just like," and one person
asked me, they're like, "Who are you?"
And I'm like, "Literally nobody. I'm
literally nobody in this equation, okay?
I have a ticket." And they're like,
"Okay." And then they keep escorting me.
So then I go by team USA and I go by
team you Ukraine and the Netherlands and
then all of a sudden there's a split and
they're like flag bearers over here to
the left and I'm like I don't have a
flag and they're like that's okay then
you're in this group and I'm like I'm
not in that group either though I am not
walking in this parade and so it's like
right up near the stadium and so I took
pictures of it. there's like all the
athletes ready to ready to march into
the stadium. And so I literally find my
way out of a picket fence. I like jump
out from a picket fence and uh run
around the stadium and they have to stop
broadcasting because I almost ran
straight in front of a camera at live
broadcasting like they had already
started. There was cameras zooming in.
So, I sprint past it, finally get up to
my seat about 30 seconds before the
thing starts. I took video of all this,
and then after the thing ends, I'm like,
"Okay, I need to basically end I I I
need to uh end up at athlete parking."
So, I go back out my the like the the
way that I came in and I try to explain
to several of them. I'm like, "I just
need to get on the the athlete parking
bus." And they're like, "Okay, yeah,
that's right over here." And I was like,
"But to be clear, I'm not an athlete. I
just my car is there." And they're like,
"Okay." And I think they thought I was
being falsely humble. And I'm like,
"What is up with the false humility? I'm
not falsely humble.
I'm not humble at all. I'm I'm an
Olympian.
I'm an actual Olympian. So, like here's
I'm going to show y'all and then I
promise we're going to get into content,
but I have to tell somebody because I'm
like, "Okay, like here's me and the
Swiss team on the bus. See them? That's
actual members from the Swiss team." And
then I I get on the bus and I'm like,
"Okay." Um, and the only reason I
decided to get on the bus was because it
was team France.
So, here's a member from Team France
just eating. And then here's the
Canadian team getting on the bus. And
then here's the Ukrainian team getting
on the bus. But I don't want them to
know that I'm taking pictures. So I aim
it down. You can see the feet of the the
Netherlands start getting on the bus.
And so I am just sitting in this bus.
And then I I made a video so that all of
y'all would believe. Here's some more of
the the Canadians. So, I made a video so
y'all wouldn't believe me where I'm just
sitting there chewing my gum
in the same hoodie I'm in now on a bus
with all of the Olympians.
I could not, no matter what, no matter
what I said, convince the Italians that
I was not in the Olympics.
So finally I'm like screw it. I'm an
Olympian.
I'm like, "This is so deranged. This is
so deranged." And so I'm on the bus with
all of them and someone looks at me and
they're like, "So who are you with?" I
was like, "Well, that's kind of a
philosophical question." I was like, "I
live in France." And one of them goes,
"Ala." I was like, "I live in France,
but I'm from the US."
And I was like, "I'm not supposed to be
here." And what do you they're like what
do you mean? They're like like
metaphorically and I'm like no I'm
physically not supposed to be here. I
keep telling them that I'm not an
athlete. You can see I'm not an athlete.
Correct. Like I you know I'm not
supposed to be here. They're like well
what are you here for the Olympics for?
I said well technically I'm like the
spectator. I'm I'm just a spectator. And
they're like well what do you mean by
technically? I'm like well I don't
usually sorry watch winter sports.
I kind of just found out what slalom
was. They're like, "Well, what are you
here for?" And I was like, "Well, I I
run a sales media company and I'm here
to link your Olympic topics to sales
topics like cold email,
cold call." I was like, "Is anyone in
Slalom?" One of the guys raised his
hands. I was like, "How to get around a
gatekeeper?"
I was like, "Now that I'm saying it out
loud, it it seems like not that great of
an idea. You all did great."
And he actually started laughing. He was
like, "That's actually pretty good." I
was like, "So, I'm just here to I was
like, "Thanks." Like, I didn't come up
with it. I'm I'm here to link y'all to
sales topics for the winter cold
outreach Olympics
where we're basically both experts in
our fields.
And I was like, "Anywho, um, well, it
was nice meeting everyone. Is this the
stuff that we get get off?" And that was
my Winter Olympics closing ceremonies
experience. I was an Olympian. I was an
Olympian. That's my story. I have
pictures to prove it. I met team
Ukraine. I met the French team, of
course. May we hung out with the French
team, the Netherlands team, and then
they escorted us back to parking lot
along with the cops. So, uh, yeah, I
might have interrupted a couple of
broadcasts. Who knows? Maybe I'm on like
C C NBC or, you know, CBS. I don't even
know the networks. I'm so confused about
what happened last night. Anyh who, why
don't we jump into the topics? That's my
story. I just wanted everyone to know. I
just wanted everyone to know that very
long story. Okay, let's jump into the
topics for today. How to make the jump
from SDR to AE.
This is closing ceremonies. I hope it's
not as weird as mine.
How to make the jump from SDR to AE.
If you're an SDR and you want to make
the jump to an AE, meaning a role that
you aren't currently in,
to be clear, SDR to AE,
I'm so excited for today. Thank you all
for coming. I'm a little bit sad today
though. I got to admit whenever I heard
the music I'm like this is the last day.
If you want to make the jump from SDR to
AE the number one thing that I would do
is y'all are going to laugh. Learn your
buyer more than the AES already do. So
it's actually a very easy transition or
a simple transition once you you do
that. But everything that an AE their
skill set should be centered around
knowing the buyer. So the thing that you
can do that to make the fastest
transition there is to know the buyer
even better than the AE does. I have
promoted several different SDRs from
SDR2 solution uh solution architects and
uh to basically uh solutions engineering
and from SDR2 um account executives. And
my goal usually was, excuse me, that the
SDR outruns the current AES whenever
they're they're in the um uh that the
the AEES that are already pre-existing
and they managed to do it. Almost every
single one of them was outrunning the
top performing AES once they got into
the role. And the one thing that we are
I was pushing them towards was knowing
the buyer better than the AES already
did, you know. So I would just study
study study study the buyer. That is the
one thing that you're going to need.
Yes, you're going to need to know
product information, but it's much less
important that you know product
information that you know um that the
buyer's world. The other thing that I
would study is the ecosystem. So, the
more facts that you know about the
buyer, the more facts that you know
about the ecosystem and hypothetically
what they would use your products to do,
then the more you're going to bridge
that gap. And usually it's going to be
generally speaking very obvious. Closing
comes down to opening and opening comes
down to asking questions and asking the
right questions comes down to, you know,
how much do I know about the buy? How do
I how do I know which questions to ask
because I know about the buyer
statistics and metrics. That's how I'd
make the jump. Something I'd avoid and
then we're going to go into the next lab
because my intro was so long.
Something I'd avoid. I wouldn't
necessarily take advice from account
executives. number one. And I also
usually, in my experience, the ones that
are willing to dull it out are the ones
that usually aren't top of the
leaderboard. If there is someone top of
the leaderboard, I would try to spend
time with them. But you don't just
because they're great doesn't mean that
they know exactly why, you know. So, I'd
keep that in mind that that's that's
just kind of a side item, but it's not
the main forte of what you need to be
focused on. Another thing that I
wouldn't uh worry so much about is um
trying to chummy me up with the
marketing team or trying to ch me up
with sales leadership or da da as an SDR
leader previously. It you know I'm not
worried about you being friends with
sales people. I'm worried about you
hitting quota. So the number one thing
that you can do you know apart from
learning about the buyer is dash like
bash your quota meaning in a good way.
So you 2x 3x your quota then all of a
sudden I'm indebted to you somewhat as
the leader of I want you to I want you
to uh be able to um move on and be
successful and people want to keep you
in the organization. So, I would
definitely um think about it. It's much
less about how do I figure out how to
have a negotiation conversation or how
do I, you know, uh hang out with the the
AEES. It's more so how do I make my
current boss happy and then how do I
know about the buyer when and if I step
into the role. So, by the time you step
into the role, I would definitely uh say
that you need to know a good amount
about the buyer. at least, I don't know,
10 15 statistics per buyer person that
you sell into if you want to be
successful right off the bat. If you
know that, there's nothing that can stop
you from being successful. Another thing
that you can do is go and hang out at
networking events. However, I wouldn't
go hang out with AES at networking
events. I would go hang out at
networking events for my buyer and I
would keep that outside of work time.
Again, the most crucial thing to you
moving on is not necessarily about the
next limb. It's about your current limb.
So, a lot of people that I have seen and
managed in the past, you know, they all
they had this this reach out, you know,
this this grasp um you know, for the the
AE role. I'm like, "Yeah, well, bro,
you're not past my quota." So, number
one, I'm not indebted to you, but number
two, like we got to talk about your
current role, you know, like are you
successful in this current role, you
know, is going to be a main predictor on
whether I can recommend you mend you and
whether you have leverage um to move on
to the next role. So I'd keep that in
your mind. Another thing to keep in your
mind is uh time and seat doesn't matter
to a leader. Effectiveness and seat is
what matters to a leader. So I had
several AE or uh SDRs. It was
heartbreaking that they they would find
justification of like well I've been an
SDR for two years. And I'm like well
first of all not for me you know but
second of all it doesn't matter to me if
you've been like a B minus player or a C
plus player that I've had to coach the
entire time for four years. All that
means is that I've had the task of
having to, you know, manage to quote it
from a completely kernel perspective. So
I time and seat does not matter to an
SDR leader. It's how effective were you
in that seat and we truly measure it of
like okay I had a um SDR for instance he
came into uh SDR this when I was working
for a conversation intelligence platform
and right off the bat he 5x his quota
and I'm like see him I'm going to owe
something to within several months. So
by month four, you know, I I had
promoted him to basically be a um team
lead that reported into me that helped
me out with the STR team.
He's still a sales leader at that uh
company today. So, um, anyho, if you're
trying to make that jump, the biggest
mistake I'd avoid is thinking that time
and seed owes you that means you're owed
something and, um, doing activities that
you think are good on paper, like
becoming good friends with the AES, blah
blah blah, but not actually being
effective in the role. But the thing I'd
be doing in the background and outside
of work hours is getting to know your B,
that will actually help with your
current role as well. So, I would just
think about that. Okay, then lap two.
I'm an Olympian.
You hear that authority in my voice now
that I'm Olympian?
Thank you for saying that, by the way,
Kirsten. I did see that. I didn't I
didn't bring up the comment because it
was embarrassing. Thank you for saying
that about being athletic.
It was really funny explaining to them
what I'm doing there. I was like, I'm
really sorry.
You know, I gave him several example. I
was like, you know, I did a video at Bob
Sled on how to say your quota, for
instance.
Their face.
They did really like it though. They
were like, "That's actually really good.
like well if you didn't meddle anyone
looking to come into sales here's
I did not plug my series I did not
identify myself because I'm like I don't
want to identify myself right
now it's going to be like local American
girl runs in front of screen broadcasts
THEY'RE LIKE SENORA SENORA I WAS LIKE
look not Jacques Luigi I have to get up
to my seat anyho I have receipts to
prove all of it. So, you know, my mom,
I'm going to let her know afterwards
that I'm an Olympian. Okay. SMB AE to
enterprise top performer.
This one's a little trickier.
The thing that needs to pivot, well, no
matter what the type of role, the value
doesn't change for someone. Value
doesn't change if I'm, you know, a a
parent, you know, or I'm looking to buy.
People are just trying to solve
problems. They're just trying to solve
problems. Like I was fine and good being
on the bus with people, but at the point
that I saw the flags, that's when the
pain became a problem that I have to do
something about that. I'm like, I'm
going to end up walking out on the field
in front of global television in this
hoodie.
That's when it became something I have
to actually do something about. So, SMB
AE usually is more
I don't want to say transactional
because I don't think that that's what
sales is about at all. The complexity
that comes in with enterprise in my
opinion is not enterprise AES would tell
you that it's a lot. um having I started
as an enterprise AE oddly enough um in
terms of uh uh the complexity of the
sale um and then a nomclature as as well
pretty shortly thereafter but you know
my minimum floor was $2 million and it
was up to $20 million. So it was a
minimum sixmonth uh sales cycle. What
enterprise sales takes is uh I think two
two main things. Number one, you need to
realize that it's a long game. A really
really long like it's a long game in
that you're not going to get a a a
signature right off the bat. And even if
you did, it wouldn't be to your benefit.
Well, I take that back. There's a third
thing. So, a a view of that it is it is
a long game is the number one uh thing
that's important. The second thing
that's really important is the
realization that you're going to have
multiple multiple buyers. Some of them
are on the committee already. Some of
them will come into the committee mid
deal and I don't think that it's
necessarily smart to be suggestive
around who should be in the committee.
But I do think that it's important that
no matter who is in the committee or who
does come up within conversations or is
going to be added to new meetings that
you view each one of them the same.
Meaning
you haven't added value until you f find
an unknown. So, when you go from meeting
to meeting to meeting to meeting to
meeting, which is very interesting. I
sell mostly enterprise within Flip the
Script. Like, that's just uh for some
reason how my
how my business works. I think it's
because um
there's so much content from an
educational perspective on the website
that like it's it's health. It's uh
enterprise team friendly. So I think
that's why you know I like my book leans
that direction and oftentimes in
enterprise I end up with someone at the
end that is completely different person
that I did in this like did in the start
and it's at their suggestion but how I
do that is not by identifying key
decision makers necessarily. It's, you
know, I try to add as many find as many
unknowns as I can for this first person
and then they push me in front of the
second person and like it's a digital
property in in terms of if you don't
know very much and they didn't get
value, they're going to keep you from
everyone. They're going to do everything
they can to keep you from everyone
because it's going to be at their
request. Meaning if you were to meet
someone or multi thread let's say heaven
forbid around someone then it would be
um then like they would have to pay the
tax of that like their name would be on
the fact that your if your meeting went
badly but if your meeting goes well with
them they're going to do the direct
opposite meaning they're going to like
advocate for you to get in front of
these other decision makers because that
looks like their decision too. So the
important thing within enterprise of how
you view it is not only the long-term
game, but the the set the most important
piece is that every single buyer that
you come in front of, you don't take the
mindset of like, well, I've added value
to Mario.
So when I meet Luigi, I'm like, well,
Luigi's second person. And it's very
natural for a human being to think, I've
added to Mario, so I've added to Mario
Brothers, you know, a Mario Kart, for
instance, inc to speak. But it's like
Luigi doesn't care about what you've
done for Mario. Luigi cares about what
you've done for him, right? So when I
meet someone new, I don't take in the
perspective of I I know where I'm at.
And that where you're at, unfortunately,
is ground zero. And how you do with
Luigi, sorry. Well, you know, uh push
you over to Well, now we're just going
to go full Mario Kart of like if you do
well with Luigi and you f find two or
three more, then he's going to push you
in front of Bowser and, you know,
Princess the Princess and so on and so
forth, you know. know, but I view every
single like buyer persona as a
completely fresh experience that I
haven't added value unless I found
unknowns for them in specific. So the
thing that I think that you need the
most in terms of if you're going to go
from SMB AE to enterprise AE is a
rolodex of I don't only know one buyer,
I know metrics for all buyers.
All buyers. My biggest piece of advice
is you cannot go around or circumvent
the current person no matter what. I saw
a session where someone told me or where
someone on the line and it's a sales
trainer, you know,
and they're like like how I clear my
throat. I always get nervous. Um
they were saying their biggest learning
was that basically they went around
their current buy uh buyer and they went
to their boss
and they were like telling them about
all the problems because they couldn't
get traction with the first buyer and
that um the boss basically um um
eventually like was like you're never
going to work step foot in this
organization ever again.
And the sales trainer was like, "So that
was a really important lesson." I'm
like, "Yeah, that's kind of like saying
I killed someone and I had to go to do
some jail time and that was a really
important lesson that I should never do
that again." You should already know
that.
You should already know that you
shouldn't go around someone and you
should ethically already know that you
shouldn't root out your buyer. So the
the another key piece to enterprise
is keeping your buyers separate. What I
mean by that is a lot of their problems
are with each other. And if they can't
trust you, that when they're talking to
you, they're talking to just you. And
that you're going to help them solve
problems, even if it's according with
the sales leader, let's say. They need
to feel like, they need to know, and it
needs to objectively be true that you're
on their side. That's what needs to
happen for them to really lean in and
trust. You have to have that with as
many buyers as possible, an offrecord
relationship, right? And how that's how
that's gained is by number one
credibility of like you can actually
diagnose unknowns, but then number two,
it should be a symptom of what's the
truth is. The truth is they can trust
you and so the symptom is is they feel
that. I wouldn't go after them feeling
that.
point point blank. I would not multi
thread around a current buyer, no matter
what the cost, no matter what the um
situation is because you will burn
trust. I'd say 90 98% likelihood with
the entire organization, but certainly
100% with that person. Even if it works,
they're going to feel completely out and
they're going to be rooting against you.
So, SMBE to enterprise AE, you just need
to know both of those things. And I
would study all of the buyers as opposed
to just having um just having one. Okay,
next. Pizza pie slice.
Then ceu.
Sorry, I'm still laughing about the fact
that I spent 18 minutes telling y'all
that story. Really sorry. I had to tell
someone
and then I had I drove back from Milan
or to Milan and I got here at 2:30 in
the morning, you know. And so my mom's
like I was like, "Mimi, I'm back. I have
to tell her tell her that, you know, so
that she's that she's okay." And it was
I was in a group chat with my mom and
dad and I said, "I'm back." She said,
"How's closing ceremonies?" And I said,
"It's a long story." And she goes, "You
need to go to bed. I can tell." She's
like, "Aunt," she tells me. She goes,
"Ampie, go night night."
That's her her phrase to me to make me
go to bed. I'm like, "Okay, I'm going to
bed. I'm going to bed. I'm going to
bed." And I was like, "But there is
something for the record that happened
last night tonight that I need to tell
you about
specifically that I won the gold medal."
Okay. How to make the jump from AE to
leader.
Here's a mistake that I see made um
assuming that your top performer should
be a leader.
Some top performers are just that.
They're just top performers.
They're not cut out for leadership in
the fact that they're
um
they don't want to be. And and that's
not a bad thing. Here's the thing. Some
people would villainize that and they'd
be like, "Oh, well, you're not focused
on other people." I'm like, "Yeah, but
they're focused on something very
important, which is hitting their
number, right? So, not everyone wants to
be one.
And number one, and number two, not
everyone should be one. I
I'm I'm trying to figure out how to say
this. I
whenever I went into leadership, my CRO
basically brought me in the room and
he's like, I want you to lead the glo
build a global STRR team. And I
justified to him like I had been in
sales and then I moved out to um
enterprise sales and then I moved out to
the Bay Area and I was going into um you
know and I I knew that I didn't
like I thought if I could get really
good at prospecting then I would be on
fire as an A because that was my weakest
spot. I was top of the leaderboard.
I was the annoying AE that was always
past quota, but I I knew that
prospecting was my worst spot. And I
also knew I didn't know the ecosystem of
tech. So, I took a step back my um even
though I was 30 years old and had been
an account executive for seven years,
enterprise account executive to be an
SDR at 30.
And so when he said he was like, I want
you to build out a global SDR team. I'll
never forget the conversation with him.
I was like, uh, I don't think so. And he
was like, why not? I was like I was like
can I be candid? I'm your
like in the box typical top performer
ego top performer that you just leave
alone. Meaning I'm too selfish to be a
leader. I don't like thinking about
other people. I don't like worrying
about other people. And I tried to
convince him for just like the Italians.
I tried to convince him for I kid you
not 30 minutes of how I innately
you know was yeah that I was I was
selffocused self focus on in terms of my
goal you know I was like I don't
naturally think about oh I wonder how X
is doing with blank like that's just not
in my DNA
and he said yeah he goes I agree with
you I'm like ouch he's like I agree with
you but I I s I've seen seen something
multiple times and I'm like, "What is
it?"
I would go into calls with account
executives that I I would set the
meetings and I go into calls with them
and it was stressing me out how they
were taking the calls because they're
ruining them. They're ruining them. Blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah product.
So, at one point during the call,
I would uh hit the mute on the phone and
I'd be like, "Ask this question." And
then I would just unmute it. And for
whatever reason, the AE in the moment
asked the question and then I started
doing calls like that. I'm like, now ask
this question. And then I unmuted it.
And he was like, so I've seen you do
that multiple times from the the outside
of the office. It was clear windows uh
straight through in that office. And he
said, and it's working and all of a
sudden their numbers are going up. So
whether you're selfish or not, that's
completely different topic for a
completely different time. But I do
think that you like coaching
and I didn't see that in myself
beforehand.
I think that it takes one or the other
of you either are you naturally think
about other people or you do like seeing
people progress and I think that I have
conviction around that of like this is
what I think that you're doing wrong.
But in either case scenario, I think
it's extremely important. I differ from
a lot of people in this regard. I think
it's extremely important your skill
level is high.
Meaning
there's a lot of people who are
selfless, but they don't know how to hit
quota,
right? And so they focus on other people
and they coach, coach, coach, coach,
coach, but they don't know what to coach
on. you can get around and you can learn
all me. You know, I from a scale of 1 to
10, if you were to look at a speaker, I
scale of 1 to 10 am like a one in terms
of my speaking ability. I have a lot of
filler words. I always have something in
my hand whenever I'm talking. I walk
back and forth, but my focus on the my
love for the content helps me get over
it. and the the speaking ability is less
important because of that intense draw
to a intense draw to the subject matter.
I think that it's extremely important
that if you're going to be a leader that
you are excellent at whatever that craft
is. I would not have made it out of my
first six months or certainly a year and
uh built all the teams that I did if not
for that core skill. So, I don't think
that people should just be a leader
because they like to coach or because
they focus on other people. I think that
it's extremely extremely important that
you know what to say and what to coach
them on. You instinctively know what to
say and what to coach them on. I also
think it's extremely important that if
you're going to be a leader that you
have to learn all the time. People can
diss me about a lot of things. my diet,
the fact that I only basically drink no
water. I haven't stretched. I run 20
miles a day and don't stretch. I if I
try to touch my toes, I'm like a foot
from the ground. It's not a joke. It's
not a joke. I'm probably going to die at
45. However, you cannot I like my um the
one thing you can't take away from me is
I learn
naturally and a lot. I love to learn. I
read all the time. I'm constantly in
psych psych theory. In my head, that is
the main portion of my job is to learn.
And if you're going to become a leader,
I don't care where your skill level is
at. It is your job to learn. And it is
your job to be better than every single
rep on your team. If you don't have
that, and I'm just going to say the one
thing that everyone is probably thinking
as a seller, but no one is at that like
would ever dare to say. If you don't
have that, if you're not better than
them, they'll never respect you ever
because they shouldn't.
Thank you very much, Kirsten. Thank you
very very much. Well, you know, I I I
love learning. I really do. I love
learning and I think it takes an
intentional focus on that on it. It
should be a natural built-in habit. So,
people tended to get over my
shortcoming, you know, shortcomings as a
leader or I never had any churn. I'll
just say it like that. I never had me
churn and I am very well aware of to
some degree of my uh shortcomings as a
leader. So I think if I had to guess why
and it's really meaningful to me um Mark
McWaters over at Ambition uh brought it
up which I thought it was you know it
was really impactful when I took a look
back. He said your STRs and AEES are
still liking it on your content and he
was like that's really meaningful. I'm
like it is really meaningful for me
because it means that at that given
point in time and I knew my shortcomings
as a leader meaning I struggle with
being like how was your day or you know
how was your weekend or blah blah blah.
I usually don't want to talk about
something for 20 minutes in the in the
intro but they got over it because of
you know that focus on the craft. So, I
think it's extremely important if you're
gonna make the jump to a leader that you
are consistently good at learning and
that you know this skill. You know what
to coach them on. If you don't know what
to coach them on, you can have a desire
to coach people all day long, but you
know, you instinctively won't know. So,
I would just say, especially if you're
going to be promoted internally to a
leadership gig, which I think is the
hardest but the most effective way to do
it, that you should know your craft
inside and out. And that that display
and evidence should be so obvious. It
is, excuse me, very natural for you to
become a leader. So, that's the thing
that I would keep in mind. Um, that if
you're going to make that jump, then
those two things have to be there. You
don't necessarily have to be a soft, you
know, always focus on other people
person. I'm a good example of that. But
you do have to have skill. Otherwise,
I'll see you'll your team not respect
you and not want to follow you because
they don't know. Thank you.
>> Buzzer beater. It's like the closing
ceremonies. I made it last night. 30
seconds left.
Still re still reeling from that. I was
like, I have to take photos, otherwise
no one's gonna no one's gonna believe
me. Okay, let's go into things that your
manager will never tell you that matter.
This is going to be a really quick lap
and then we're going to do the the
things that your manager will tell you
that that that matter. Hitting quota.
Okay, hitting quota. Number one, the
thing that matters to your manager more
than anything else is hitting quota.
They don't care necessarily if you help
them with sales enablement. They don't
care necessarily that you help them at
the water cooler. Like it it depends.
It's helpful. But the thing that helps
the most are the reps that hit quota.
So I would
think about, you know, like instead of
helping with this sales enablement
course and oh this person just onboarded
so I want to help them out or I want to
take this person to lunch or I want to
make sure me and my AE are good and I
want to spend time with them or I want
to spend time with marketing and I want
to go to there are a certain amount of
reps who who would do that naturally on
my team
and I was always kind of salty about of
like meaning I'm like that's great but I
need you to do the thing that I hired
you for. I don't care if your dreams and
desires are to become a CSM unless you
make it my priority by hitting your
quota. Then I'm like they did right by
us and by the team so I need to do right
by them to get them over to that role
naturally. Did I want good things for
them? Yes.
But if you don't take care of your quota
in the meantime, it like your manager I
I'm telling you th this because it's one
thing that managers want to say of like,
you know, people want to take time off,
which I understand. You know, people
want to take time off.
Granted, people have lives. However, if
you haven't hit your quota, do I love
you taking time off? No, I don't. As a
leader, I don't. Why? because you
haven't done what I hired you to do. So,
it's like if you have hit your quota and
your 2X passed it, I don't care if you
hit it on date January 2nd. I'm like, go
to Cabo, Brendan. Go to Cabo for the
rest of the year. Why? Because you hit
your quota. So, the number one thing
that you need to prioritize
is the number one thing that your
manager prioritizes, which is their
number. Allah diagnostic selling. what I
care about is my number. So, if you help
me do that now, I mean, even if you
wanted to help with like onboarding and
stuff, I'm like, ah, don't talk to them
because I mean, if like if you're not
top of the leaderboard, then I'm like,
what are they training them to do? You
know, I worried about that. And usually
if someone isn't necessarily excelling
in terms of their number, that's when
they really start to lean in on these
topics. And so is really tricky for me
as a leader because I'm like I don't
want to tell you not not to do this
stuff and you're all talking about next
steps but I'm talking about my current
step your current step which is are you
hitting your number. So I think it's the
most important thing and I think it's
the most um you have to keep in mind
ethical thing your manager is hired to
hit that number. So and you were hired
to contribute to hitting that number. So
I see people on LinkedIn building
personal brands and blah blah blah and
every single time every single time
without exception when you go to their
or internally and you ask them about
their number they're like they're either
not there I even talked to several sales
leaders that they were like you know
talking about they randomly shared this
with me and they're like this person
even though they have a big brand on
LinkedIn they're like it's it's this
person let's call it Brendan they're
like Brendan was at 10% % of his number
and it's like he couldn't see it. He
thought that he was owed the world
because he had a personal brand. And
that's why I really get anxious about
personal brand because it draws focus
and typically it draws focus from not a
a top performer. You can't take their
attention off of their number. You
can't. They are trained like that of
like I do revenue generating activities.
If you make me come to this conference
market, okay, fine. I'll do it. But I
don't like it. Why? Because I like
revenue generating activities. So,
typically the people that are focused on
personal brand, you know, they're like
sitting there ripping comments and blah
blah blah and then it becomes a big
social issue of, you know, like, well,
should I let you know, should I let them
post? And it's like, well, I don't mind
if you post. I don't mind if you have a
side hustle, I guess. But what I'm
worried about is that your current
hustle, main hustle, your half of quota,
and you're sitting here talking about
paid posts,
and I'm not supposed to get mad about
that as a leader. Why? Because then you
can blast me on. It's a headache. It's a
headache. It I wouldn't hire it. you
know that I'm like if I'm be being
completely open about it that I'm like I
want someone who is focused on their
number why because I am a leader is and
paid to be hit my number right so it
becomes this big head issue of like you
know because if I tell them not to post
and that I completely understand
you know the the the the influencers
will be like they told me not to post
I'm like I bet they didn't say that it's
2026 six. I bet they didn't say that.
What they were feeling and what they
meant, even if they did, was likely
do your job first,
then this thing. Unless you want to make
this thing your entire job, then it's
like do that, but don't use me as a paid
trial to do that, right? So, the number
one thing that your manager cares about
if you're SDR or AE is your quota. So
unless that's your number one thing that
you're focused on before you know people
say you can do both and I'm like yeah
but you need to eat what's on your plate
first and you need to show your manager
that you can do that consistently over
time like four months back to back to
back to back to back like then I don't
care I don't care what you do right so I
I would be remiss if I didn't bring that
up of it's the number one thing that I
see people
lose focus of in the process and it's
the number one thing that manager I mean
again they have like heartache that
they're like, "No, I don't want to tell
you not to go on vacation." And then you
you're like, "Oh, well, I need to
prioritize myself." And it's like,
"Yeah, but you didn't prioritize your
job the entire year. Why? Because I saw
you leaving at 3:00 in the afternoon."
Or like, "You have doctor's appointments
in the middle of the day." Blah, blah,
blah. And I'm just being completely
candid because I, you know, was a
leader, leader, leader, leader, leader.
And I'm just thinking of all these
things are drawing focus away from the
number. Why? Because I was focused on my
number. Why? Because that's my job. That
is my job. So I I would the the people
who make headway organizations are the
people who don't lose focus of that. So
I wouldn't let any anything take away
from that first and then you can think
about all this other stuff, you know.
Yeah. Okay. Next lap. I've said enough.
Totally. Robert, everyone's sitting here
ripping webinars and I'm like
I'm like okay you're you're 21
22 you're like yeah well I was
successful I'm like for one quarter
that does not a career long make and
you'll find that out in about three
years but I'm like people even if they
do take your advice they shouldn't why
because you've hit quota once
You've hit quota once. Like when I
learned the most about my craft was my
20s.
Thank god social media did not really ex
like Facebook existed. Facebook came out
when I was a a freshman in college.
LinkedIn was not big when I was in my
20s. You know, even I mean as I turned
30 is when I I started to really get get
online, you know, of like know that
LinkedIn was a thing. And it was uh to
get a job. it was to get to to get a
job. And I'm so thankful for that
because what people see is they're like,
"Oh, well, you have a lot of content."
I'm like, "But yeah, but what people
don't see is for a decade I got my teeth
bashed in, that's how I learned that
those things." So by the time that I
came to market, you know, someone had
asked me like how do you like people
want to know how you did what you did
sometimes and I'm like
you can't do that unless you learn the
the lessons. Everyone on this line knows
that. So I'm like preaching choir but
like when you learn the lessons and the
point of learning the lessons is not so
you can share them online.
meaning if they're real lessons. It took
a decade of getting my teeth bashed in
over and over and over and over and over
and over and over again. And because of
that I had some some you know some level
of experience but I still have
recognition of like you know the minute
you start opening up about content ideas
like then you might hypothetically cut
off the well of you know the experience
on the on the front lines you have to do
even then even at the point that I made
the transition you have to do what you
have to do to basically stay in the
craft so you can keep learning those
lessons kind of thing. So anyh who,
okay, crash course on the eight SDR
sessions. I have 600 seconds, less than
600 seconds. Okay, so the SDR uh topics
were uh prospecting, how to make a great
cold call, personalization at scale, how
to build a sequence, how to handle
objections, inbound, day in the life of
top performing SDR, cold to email, and
how to coach and train a lethal SDR
team. Okay, let's start from the top.
How to open a great cold call. The most
important thing about a great cold call
structure, you know, oh, he restarted
me. Thanks, man. is structure. Um, so
I'd follow the the structure on the one
cheater, but essentially you're Hey,
this is Beck Colin, reported line from
Flip the Script. How have you been?
They're like, good. I'm like, that's not
non-emotional. I'm like, good. Glad to
hear that. The reason for my outreach is
you hit him with personalization. I saw
you wrote this article on LinkedIn. Saw
you make this comment the other day. I
saw your about me section on LinkedIn
where you said, you know, hiring comes
down to uh finding people that are
accountable to their outcomes and to
their inputs because that those
outcomes. So, I was curious to know if
you've come across with the script
before. You don't have to link it. And
then they'll say yes or no. If they say
yes, start to ask some questions. They
say no, take them at the prospect pack
and say, "Got it. How about this? You
give me the next 20 seconds to give me
my best dog and pony show on who we are
and why I thought we might be a good fit
for you and your team over at Blank."
The end of that 20 seconds, you can tell
me, but they want to continue the
conversation from there. Is that a deal?
They will 95% of the time say yes. At
that point, you go into a problem pitch
where you're outlining problems
according to specific metrics for their
metrics that highlight unknowns, not we
work with people who struggle with low
conversion rates. If they knew it
already, they would and it was a problem
big enough based on what they knew, they
would have come inbound. So, the main
thing about cold calls is learn that
structure. I would on the front end, but
then on the back end, how good of
questions are you asking? And I'm
defining that on how many unknowns can
you find within one and a half minutes
to five minutes. So they want to excuse
me continue that experience by taking a
discovery call with you. Okay. Second
topic, personalization at scale. There's
six buckets of personalization. The
difference between personalization and
relevance. No matter what any influencer
says
because they can't read apparently.
Relevance is one to many.
Personalization is onetoone.
Hyperpersonalization doesn't exist. It's
not a term.
Personalization is onetoone.
Personalization
when truly used does work. Period. The
results are there. So you need to
personalize to pattern interrupt. Now I
would pick if you can the number one
type of personalization is problem
personalization to the problem that that
that they specifically have, but that's
based on an overt indicator that
hypothetically you can grab. In some
cases, you can't. So, in those cases,
you pivot to uh the six buckets of
personalization are uh self uh excuse
me, um self- author content, which is
content they've they've authored. So,
article, post, webinar. Second bucket is
engaged content, stuff they engage with
but didn't author themselves. Third
bucket is self-identified traits,
meaning things they wrote about
themselves on LinkedIn, headline,
boline, company line. Fourth is junk
drawer, meaning non-b businessiness
related stuff about them. The fifth is
background centric which is stuff about
their professional background. Um you
know ro time between companies you know
their moves between companies uh
recommendations that they've given
recommendations they've received and
then the six is about their company.
Hypothetically it's not personalization
because you could write it to everyone
at the company. It's not a solid it's
not a liquid it's a gel. Point being
those buckets ranked in that order is
what will get you a hold of someone. Now
you have to hook it. So, how you do that
is you think about kind of like Kirsten
did. She's like, "What does what are uh
what what's true about slalom? What's
true about sales topics? And where's the
overlay?" And she's like, "They have
gates. Getting around a gatekeeper as a
topic. There's my tie." So, that's how
you can uh essentially tie. You can
personalize the scale. What I mean by
scale is always results, but any more
than 50 emails and you hook you uh cook
yourself on deliverability anyway. So,
and you can easily get out 50 emails a
day that are all personalized. So,
that's how I do it. I would personalize.
I don't care what anyone who tells you
not to personalize is someone who hasn't
been in the chair. Period. They haven't
been in SDR. I was. It worked. It still
works. It still works every single day
because no one actually does it. So
that's personalization at scale. Third
topic, how to build a sequence.
Uh sequences. Uh you need to use every
channel. I would be intentional. Base it
on a trigger. There are 139 triggers,
meaning people who downloaded content,
people who attended a webinar, people
attended event, etc.
The first and fifth email are the ones
that should um mention that premise, but
then I would transition with but more
importantly and then focus on the
personalization. I saw you attended this
webinar. But more importantly, and then
you go to the personalization, every
single email should be different and
that it adds a unique piece of value.
Every email should add a unique piece of
value and a different piece of value
than the email before it. Where you're
going to see results is email one and
two and five if you do it correctly. I
would suggest doing a breakup email. And
people will make the joke online.
They're like, "What am I doing? How can
you break up with me? We're never dating
you." I'm like, "Good Brendan. I don't
want to date you." I'm like, I'm not
breaking up with the with you. I'm
breaking up with the idea that I'm
investing more time in you. If you're
intentional about that and you add value
out of the in the midst of it, just want
to check in to make sure I haven't
oversteppet my bounds. Given you and
then you're on the personalization,
given you wrote this article and I notic
you you attended our webinar originally.
I thought it made sense to reach out.
Maybe it's me, but I'm getting the
feeling now is not the best time. And
I'm the annoying sales rep who can't
take a hint,
you know, of like I'm going to leave.
I'm going to I'm going to bug bug off
now, you know, but if I can ever be of
any help in the meantime, just um you
know, with my company or anything, I'm
going click a click away. Um or perhaps
maybe we'll connect down the road. PS,
and then add a piece of content. I
thought you might like this article.
Give them a gift on the way out. Blow
their mind. Take care. Sign it. That
will be your highest response rate for
sure. So, that's breakup email. But
sequences, I would think about call and
email and social.
But call and email, I would do uh more
aggressively on the back end of the
sequence as opposed to the front end of
the sequence. And of course, I would use
outreach to do it. They're the best in
the game. They just are. Um so, and I
would uh yeah, heavily weight on the
back end in terms of how quick the steps
are together. So, those are sequences.
How to handle objections.
You need to do a pattern interrupt and
turn it around. I wouldn't use uh
objection handles like um you know
they're like I'm running into a meeting
like when's a better time to call or
send me an email and then you're like
what should I include in that email? I'm
like they don't care. They're just
trying to get off the phone. I would
pattern interrupt you know um uh can we
hit the break uh can I level with you is
one that I use a lot. I don't know maybe
it's me but I get the feeling that I've
been hearing send me an email a lot
recently. I'm getting the feeling that's
just your polite way of saying go away
you annoying sales rep. I don't want to
hear any more of your pitch. is god
awful, but you want to be you're trying
to be nice to me. Did I get that right?
They'll erupt from there. Add empathy
when they're like, "Yeah, I'm sorry."
I'm like, "I get it. My pitch probably
is bad." And I did that to someone
earlier on the phone. You know, anyway,
how about this? You give me the next 20
seconds to give me my best dog and pony
shield on who we are and why I thought
we might be a good fit for you and your
team for a blank. And at the end of that
20 seconds, you can tell me whether it
makes sense to continue the conversation
from there. Is that a deal? That's a
shallow objection counter. So, it's
you're pattern interrupting and you're
interrupting the objection. So, you can
exit that, you know, and you're using a
pattern interrupt plus alpha in the
room, meaning in a non- accusatory way,
saying exactly what you think is
happening in the room. Okay? Inbound,
inbound, inbound. Here's the topic. It's
speed to lead. Good god. It is speed to
lead. Speed to lead. 70% of uh uh buyers
will go with the competitor uh the
vendor who gets back to them first.
Under five minutes is the best SLA. same
day meetings is the best conversion
rate. Any, you know, second day, third
day, fourth day, so on and so forth.
After five days, you might as well kiss
their butt goodbye. I would definitely
set up a automatic um if you c if you
can, you need to set up the go into the
session that I go into inbound. I don't
have time for it now, but um that with
all the clock, but I would definitely
set it up on the website to where they
can uh schedule a meeting, not with an
SDR, with an account executive, with the
rightly rooted account executive on the
actual website. If you don't do that and
you turn to an SDR, and then what about
the weekend, and what about, you know,
if they uh ping at 9:00 p.m., you're
going to see hemorrhage pipeline. The
the the best that I've seen is people
convert 22.5%
of demo requests into just first
meetings. The lowest I've seen is 4%.
The average I've seen is nine. So
inbound is speed, speed, speed, speed,
speed to lead. And 35% are going to
convert into close one with only six for
outbound. So it's extremely important
channel that I would pay attention to.
Day in the life of top performing SDR
hit 35 emails at minimum a day. 60 calls
alongside email is worth two calls. If
you want to translate those, put any
internal meetings on Monday. Monday,
don't send any outreach. Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. 5
minutes before the hour and after the
hour increasingly throughout the day and
throughout the week is when you're going
to be your best hit time. So, put all
the internal meeting and any kind of
coaching blah blah on Monday. I wouldn't
reach out on Monday, but you can craft
the emails. Then, how to write an email
that works. We're going to close with
that. I have 20 seconds.
Say something that matters.
Worry about deliverability.
Worry about pattern interrupts. Say
things that people don't. You have to
hook the subject line to the body. Four
to five lines max. Ask a question around
an unknown so you can find value. They
didn't know. Oh,
use acronyms. Use
um odd punctuation. Don't mention your
company name. Less links the better. No
more than 50 emails a day. No same
subject lines. Be specific in the intro.
Use a per a piece of personalization.
Also double that as the subject line.
You said blank. Reason for my outreach
is I notice on your LinkedIn, you know,
page that you said blank, you know, and
the second line is a question where
you're asking a question around an
unknown, but the first three or four
words of that you're linking that to uh
conceptually the personalization to the
relevance in terms of question. No more
than than five lines absolute max. No
two lines in the same paragraph.
Yeah, look at it as a you have to
pattern erupt effectively along the way.
No just following up, just circling
back, just shoveling to top of your
inbox. Happy Monday. Hope you and your
kids are safe during these uncertain
times. Any kind of that language that
everyone use, you can't use otherwise
they'll log in and they'll know it's a
sales uh sales rep and they'll they'll
log out. So yeah, that's cold email.
Okay, let's go on to the AE topic. I'm
sweating.
And then we're going to do medal
ceremonies and closeout.
I'm so sad. I want to extend it because
I don't want Okay. AE topics.
Skeleton of great discovery call. Okay.
Well, the topics are discovery call,
status quo versus indecision, edge
cases, day life, top performing AE, top
discovery questions every should ask,
part one and two, and then what to coach
on, and then deal reviews. Okay.
Let's start with discovery skeleton of
great discovery call. The thing to find
a discovery call, the point of a
discovery call is to find unknowns.
Period. That is the point of a discovery
call. It's not to find out their pain
and link it to your products. It's not
to find out their current state and
future state so you can justify your
pricing and find the delta in between.
That's all great for you, but they don't
want you to be able to hold pricing.
That doesn't add any value to them
unless you find unknowns, which is the
only point of discovery from their view.
So misdiagnosis, misdiagnosis,
misdiagnosis is things that they believe
that aren't true. A misdiagnosis is
something they've missed entirely.
Either one of those, the more you find,
the faster you find them, the more
impacts that are linked to them, etc.,
etc., the better off you are. So the
point of discovery call should be after
those. They should be anchored to their
metrics. Um, their lagging indicators,
leading indicators, and leaning
indicators. Lagging is after the game
finishes. Leading is before the game
starts. leaning is during the game as it
progresses to predict whether they'll
hit their lagging indicator and then uh
diagnose which leading indicator to
change and once they've changed it to
look back to to see if they've changed
it enough and in the right way to hit
their lagging indicator. So they're in
slalom the uh final lagging indicator is
time. The leading indicator could be uh
their skis and the leaning indicator
could be uh their time around gate,
speed around the gate, right? And then a
business problem is attached to lagging
indicator. Attach problems attached to
leaning indicator and a uh root cause
attached to a leading indicator. They
are all different for their different
respective roles. You do not solve two
to three business problems as an
organization. You solve two to three
business problems per persona.
That is a huge myth per persona because
they're what is a problem to them. The
difference between a pain and a problem
is the pain is the negative experience
and a problem is anything you solve or
solve for. So the difference between
those two is uh what things are they
going to solve based on their persona
based on their metrics. So everything is
always always anchor anchored to their
metrics. The more of those you find the
better off you are. It lowers their fear
and it also increases your credibility
and it also increases the value of the
conversation which is is what we're
there to begin with for
status quo versus indecision. Status quo
is they don't think the problem's big
enough. Indecision is they do but they
still don't close. The three most common
techniques to use that are all terrible
statistically is discounting um ROI
selling. So if you're putting together
an ROI use case for instance you know on
time saved or money saved which are the
two benefit you're in benefits Phil it
means you're agnostic of a problem
should be around their metrics you know
like for instance when I was in the car
yesterday
after 10 minutes I was thinking of this
when I was in the car after 10 minutes
on the highway sitting there that's a
pain
but I didn't do something about it
because it wasn't egregious enough and
it wasn't preventing me from doing
anything.
It doesn't matter if something's costly.
It doesn't matter if something takes a
lot of time if it's not preventing them
from doing something else. Let me see if
anyone can guess the point at which I
decided to jump out of the line and find
out random Italian highways to get
around it. I want to see if anyone can
guess the point at which that happened
where it turned in from a pain to a
problem. I'm sitting on the highway
and it was it was around uh from the the
numbers perspective it was around an
hour and a around an hour and a half of
how long I was I was on the that highway
before I jumped out of line to do
something about it. I want to see if
anyone can guess why I decided to jump
out of that line. What changed for me?
What was the thing in my head that made
me say, "Okay, now is when I need to do
something about it." Point being, COI
selling. I'm going to give y'all a
couple seconds in the chat because I
know there's a little bit of delay. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Everyone give it up for
Kirsten.
Everyone, for real, give it up for
Kirsten. I was going to be late to
closing ceremonies.
Was it pain? Yeah.
But not enough until my marker in my
clock said, "You're going to be there at
8:32."
And I was like, "I'm going to be late."
So, it went from a pain into I'm going
to do something about this because it
was okay if I had stayed on that highway
and died there. Fine.
But I wasn't gonna be late to close
closing ceremonies because it's once in
a lifetime. I couldn't get, you know,
get it back.
Then I was going to miss all the
athletes. So Kirsten, to her brilliant
point, I want everyone to give it up for
Kirsten. The point at which I did
something about it is because I couldn't
do something else in this if it it
remained as what as is for that first
hour and 29 minutes. I could still make
it on time if I stayed as is. Was it
still a waste of time? Yeah, of course.
But I didn't change anything. Why? It
was risky. I was thinking my head. I'm
like, what happens if this frees up? But
the at that point I was like, "It
doesn't matter if it freeze up. I'm
still going to be late." So I jumped out
of line and went down all these windy
roads, found like I was like, "Oh, this
is the way." Went all the way down that
path and then there was a blockade. I
was like, "This I can't get through
this. Can't get through." So I turn
around, you know, find another way and
route around and go around and find my
way there. And I got there with 30
seconds to spare. I kid you not. So to
Kirsten's point, you know, that is how
buyers think. It doesn't matter about
pain. It matters about when I can't do
something else. So indecision, they uh
do think the problem's big enough, but
they still don't do something about it
anyway. Why? Because of fear that it
won't work. Here's the thing. I was
paralyzed in indecision. I'd say from
minute
hour and 20 15 to 30 because I saw that
upcoming brink that I'm going to be late
around this. But I didn't still didn't
move. Why? Because I was afraid that I
would make a move and that it would make
it worse or it wouldn't work. And what
would have worked is if I stayed still.
That is your buyer's fear.
That's your buyer's fear. And to be
fair, I was correct. The first path that
I pursued, it was blockaded. It's not on
Google Maps. Thanks, Italy. It's not on
Google Maps. But I was like, I have to
find another decision because why? I'm
like the like at this point, you know,
I'm like, I'm going to be late if I stay
on this highway. So, I might as well
roll the dice. I'm going to run into the
impact. But that fear like a minute,
hour, and 15, of course, I was afraid. I
see the clock ticking, ticking, ticking,
ticking, ticking. That is indecision.
is they're not making it's not that the
problem wasn't big enough. The problem
was for sure big enough still at at at
hour and 15. So the one thing I wouldn't
do is COI selling. COI selling is cost
of an action selling where you're like
okay imagine if you had been the
annoying rep in that car and you're like
what's going to happen to you Beck if
you stay still I would have wanted you
dead. I'm like I know what's going to
happen. I know
I'm going to miss closing ceremonies.
You don't need to get me to say that out
loud. And it's not helpful if you say
that out loud. What's helpful is if you
found a route around it. And what's
helpful is if you'd asked me questions
so that you had the credibility to do
that. If you had found an unknown for
me, hey, you can do the blah blah blah
blah, I would have made you king of the
universe. I'd have given you every last
scent that I had. If you had been like,
"What's the impact to you, Beck? If you
miss closing ceremon, I truly would have
wanted you dead." That is COI selling.
And that is why it doesn't work. It's
antagonizing your buyer, trying to make
them rev up and want to solve the
problem more. I already wanted to solve
the problem. I already did. So, you're
broadcasting to them that you don't get
that you you are delighted with their
pain. You're so excited. Why? because
you sell a solution, you know, hypo
hypothetically, but that your target for
sure in the conversation is not to help
them. That is not a seller I will work
with. That's not a seller I will even
answer the questions. So the point is no
COI selling that is your buyer's mindset
and status quo indecision.
Selling to a committee, you have to find
an unknown for each one of them.
Competitive selling, you need to make it
about discovery and them not the
competitor. ghosting. Uh, send them a
piece of value to ungo them.
Top questions. We got 15 seconds. Ask
some questions to find unknowns to help
them. That's what selling is all about.
I mean, that's the punch line. I had 600
seconds. That's what it boils down to.
Ask some questions to find unknowns for
them to help them solve the problem.
Either way,
>> that's it. Give it up for Kirsten. I
mean, that is a great case. What is
more, right? Right. of like let's say
someone was like uh you know when I jump
out of line they're like uh you're
headed left like what's it what's the
the the map that you're uh planning on
taking to uh Verona. I was like well I'm
going to go left and then I'm going to
go right and blah blah blah. Did you
know there's a closure over here? I
would have been like here's some cash,
right? I was panicked
and I just think of these sellers being
like, "What's the impact to you if oh my
god I had been like
move or don't and stay on the highway
and I will run you over
and I won't even cry. I won't even cry
that I'm like I know the impact. I know
the impact and you're not helping me
getting me to say it out loud and it's
not even helping you to get me to buy,
you know, because I I was panicked. I
would have given anything in that moment
of like I need to make it to
to I need to make it to this closing
ceremony, you know? And like here's the
the other thing. I'm like, if I had
spent 30 seconds in any direction, no
matter how you slice it, I would not
have made it. Why? because that that
entire long trail of people coming in
like there was cameras all you know over
at the top. So literally they they were
like stop broadcast and I am sprinting
through sprinting through
that they're like cut the transmission
and I can hear him saying they're like
cut the transmission because I was
sprinting through. So I'm like what are
you going to do?
like you're going to put me on, you
know, in the the openings here on the
way out and the way in. So, no matter
how you slice it, 30 seconds mattered to
me. Why? Because I couldn't do the thing
that I needed to do. That's when it
becomes something your buyer's going to
do about. Have I sat in traffic before?
Yes. Is it annoying? Yes. Do I have rage
problems? Of course. Look at me. I'm
It's baked in the box. I was mad from
two minutes in. I was mad.
But you know enough to do something
about it was dependent on what it cost
me.
And the thing that it was costing me was
closing ceremon. You have to keep in
mind those first 40 minutes that I'm
like I like to be there ahead of time. I
like to walk
in and you know just take my time and
blah blah blah. That's what I like to
do. So, it was costing me that already,
but the price tag got so high and how
that raise was not someone asking me
what I believed already the cost of an
action was, you know, hypothetically if
they had found something new,
you know.
So
value to me in that moment would have
been to Robert's point to Kirstson's
foot like you know find an unknown for
me and your buyer will be incredibly
grateful. The person who sold me the
toll tag the person who sold me the uh
you know the the snow tires I'm
incredibly grateful even though I paid
more money for it because it was around
an unknown that I didn't have. So saying
do you have budget for this thing that
you have that you need that you don't
even know that you need because you
don't even know that the problem that
you have that you have it's crazy. So
I'd find the unknown that is the
punchline. Okay
last topic very last topic it's going to
take like two seconds is um number one
important thing that you can do to be
successful. Learn about your buyer.
That's it. Learn about your buyer. Learn
like your buyer's trying to drive
somewhere. Learn about all of the roads.
Learn about all the highways. Learn
about the traffic jams. Learn about like
there was a point where a cop car went
in front of in front of me. I almost ta
tailed them. I was like, I'd rather go
into oncoming traffic right now behind
this cop car than be late to closing
ceremonies. Learn about learn for the
buyer so the buyer doesn't have to so
they can lean into your expertise. That
is the number one thing to be
successful. Okay, let's go into closing
ceremonies.
I'm sorry. JF Frank Robert, I'm I'm
sorry. I'm gonna have to number one gold
medal. I'm gonna have to put Kirsten up
there.
By the way, men gave all of y'all
nicknames.
This is a conversation we had
beforehand.
But the uh you know so uh I think he
called Kirsten I think he called you the
Georgia Peach.
I'm not really sure but he's not going
to come online and fight me about it
right now. So point being number one
gold medal is to Kirstston. Robert J.
Frank I'm sorry she just nailed it on
that. Yeah I couldn't be there and I
could be late. So that is my number one
gold medal. Gold medal number two.
Gold medal is number two. I like how
everyone gets a gold medal. All all
equal gold medals. So my second gold
medal is to Mr. J. Frank. So my family
now knows about you, J. Frank, you do
get a gold gold medal just like the
medal he's he's uh uh has in his hand
right now. He look men is so thoughtful
even with his comments of Los Angeles,
California coming in from in Los
Angeles, California at 6 foot2. Oh, I'm
not going to say say wait. But point
being, so Jay Frank, you are the second
gold medalist. Thank you for being a
part of this. Thank you for like
honestly, I hope I didn't pressure you
into it because I was like, Jay Frank,
if you're not there, I don't know if I
can do the cold gold Olympics. I don't
know if I can do it. Okay, third.
That's such a high quality response.
Why would I hate you? Oh my gosh,
Kirsten, you were so that was so spot on
because I was thinking about it while
I'm in the car. I'm like, this is going
to be a lesson. Like because I was I was
thinking about intrinsically even though
I was in like absolute hell, I'm
thinking of how I'm thinking as a buyer
that I'm like, it's not bad enough. It's
not bad enough. It's not bad enough.
It's not bad enough. And then it's in a
range where it is bad enough, you know?
But I was like, "But if I jump out of
line, I" and I could see all the little
windy paths that go around it. I'm like,
"But what happens if one of them are
closed? What happens if all some of
these are one way? What happens if" And
I was right. Some of them were closed
and some of them were were one way. And
I was like thinking about my mindset and
it's like it doesn't matter how much
time how much time is too much time.
It's like any time is too much time in
traffic. I took a video
which I'm going to show y'all so you
don't think I'm I'm completely full of
it. Have y'all seen the office
um the movie the the or not the uh sorry
office space? Office Space. So, there's
this scene in Office Space where a guy
is sitting in traffic and literally
there's this old gentleman who's on his
walker who's walking past him and
here we are.
This guy reminds me of the guy in
Office Space
where they're stuck in traffic and the
guy with the walker is going faster.
I'm gravity late closing ceremonies
because of this
>> Sorry. Sorry. So, this is at 4:53 and I
hadn't done something about it about it
and I'm like, I'm going to be late to
closing ceremonies because of this crap.
Sorry. I was sending it to my family.
Sorry, that doesn't make it better. I
shouldn't be swearing in front of my
family, but I was sending it sending it
to my family. So, point being, you know,
Kirsten, I had to give it to you. of
like it's so so important what you said.
Okay. Third medal, Mr. Robert Rutder,
Spokane, Washington. How does men know
all of your all of your
uh uh location? Oh, because the medals
emails the medals. That's what it is.
Mr. Robert,
Mr. Robert, thank you for you three have
really I mean just from day one and you
make this such like you you have not
only made the series really fun for me,
you make it to where I'm like I have to
get to the live stream because you three
have been so involved. So thank you very
much Mr. Mr. Ro I don't know why I want
to call you Mr. Robert. Maybe it's
because of Mr. Rogers but you are gold
medal number three. Uh, gold med medal
number four tuning in all the way from
webo Mexico. Feder Federico Garcia
Alvarez, you are gold medal number four.
Thank you for tuning in. Here's the fun
thing. Men actually made a list of there
was actually qualifications for this and
he made a list on tunein time uh tunein
time and comment ratio. So these are
very very stringent uh qualifications in
terms of the gold med medals. So
Federico thank you for tuning in. Um and
then of course may we number five numero
sen
Sean Fenis you are number five by the
way. You have a lovely lovely winter
Olympics team. The Canadians were very
nice on the bus. I actually want to look
up the You need to tell me I thought of
you in this moment. You need to tell me
who these guys
are.
I'm going to show you. Hold on. Stand
by.
Who this guy is. You need to find him.
What Olympian he is. I don't know what
event he was in.
So, I have several pictures of the
Canadians. Okay. So, here's some more
Canadians.
You can see. So, I want you to take
these pictures and I want you to find
out who I was talking to.
Here's some more Canadian more
Canadians. And then this is all of them
from the back. There's uh team
Netherlands. That's France in the
middle. That's I I don't know what was
on the left hand side. Um and then
there's team Ukraine. So, I want you to
find out Jean Francois who I was talking
to. Thank you for tuning in even though
I didn't get to speak French.
Thank you for tuning in. Your nuro sank
gold medalist. Okay. Uh number six,
we've got Mr. Marco
Forbado.
So, mispiace for my Italian. I know that
it's apparently really bad because I try
to speak Italian last night, but I am
graier
for coming to each one of the episodes,
for being a part of uh everything even
though you were probably Marco. I never
even asked you, were you at some of
these events? Did you come to any of the
events?
Were you at any of the Olympics? So,
anywh who thank you very much for tuning
in. You are our next gold medalist. Uh,
next gold medal medalist is gonna be
Mrs. Ruth Hernandez coming all the way
from Chicago, Italy.
Ruth Hernandez, thank you very much for
being a part of the games. And then we
have one more. No, we have two more, of
course. Okay. Second to last gold gold
medalist is Gian Luca.
No, no, man. You messed up.
Sorry y'all. G and Luca
gra
see listen to that R. I don't know how
they can understand me for tuning in to
the winter outreach cold outreach
Olympics. And then our last one is going
to be now men. Now men is Mr. Marwane.
Thank you very much for tuning in from
Morocco. I see you're here's something
that you do that I I constantly see
after I jump off the live stream. I
always see that you say hello Beck and
that you you tag me. So, thank you all
to everyone. And then I have to give one
extra gold medal which men did not see
coming. But the extra gold medal is I
want everyone please please give it up
for Mr. Men Mather.
men has been behind the scenes
doing unbelievable amounts of work on
time schedules and time shifts and oh
now you need to go live on this topic
and on and on and on and I go back to
the chat live from backspacement
where I like throw food down there.
What's really cool to me is when I log
off the um live stream and then go to
the comments and men is constantly in
there and so I have to give it up. I
have to give credit where credit's due.
Men has been with me for a very long
time. I feel like since the the
beginning of time and y'all he is just
incredible to work with. He's extremely
detailed.
He's constantly coming up with new ideas
like the he had nicknames for each one
of you planned. And I said, "Men, you
can either come on this show live and
you can announce them or I'm going to
announce them by their normal normal
actual names." So, this series would
certainly not be put on without men. So,
I have to give 16 gold medals to men. I
said uh called him the other day and I
said if anyone wanted to know a list of
my shortcomings or how emotionally
fragile I am, go no further than
Minmather because he has um been with me
through thick and through thin certainly
in this series and making everything
happen on such a dime turn. And I want
everyone to give it up for him on that
intro video. I truly took that intro
video because I told him I said, "Hey, I
want for the Winter Olympics. We're
going to do this. It needs to feel
completely different. It needs to still
hold a line but feel completely
different um than the summer Olympics.
And I honestly I watched that intro
video I think six or seven times. I sent
it to my parents.
They're like looks
they're like it looks like you're you're
better than the Olympics. Um you know we
so much so to where a couple of our
videos on YouTube
They were like
they thought that we were an
infringement for the like actual
Olympics. So I have to give it up for
Minmather. And then the last one I have
to give it up for is thank you. Thank
you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you to uh of course my
wonderful partners at Outreach. Outreach
has meant an incredible amount to me uh
since the beginning. So true story
there. Uh former CEO Manny Medina. He is
the reason why I started Flip the
Script. He talked me through flip the
script on a weekend and they have been a
partner with me since daygative -200.
Even someone um uh Scott Barker uh who
was at outreach at the time he uh
essentially um made me LLC flip the
scripts and the the team has been so
incredible to work with every single
time and certainly within this Olympics
something that outreach well I'm going
to say two things and then I promise I
will stop stop gapping. The first thing
is is outreach is the best in market.
They just are. You y'all know me. I
don't even back any products. I have
never made a paid post. Why? Because
it's not necessarily about the products.
It's about what you can use them to do
when, where, and why. Outreach is the
best. They always have been. They're
always, you know, consistently coming
out with new product updates. And I mean
this of like even small things of
blocking you from sending a dynamic tag
if there's an exclamation point. Why?
because it causes a problem. People will
send out insert personalization here,
you know, but just down to the small
features and up to the bigger picture
items of, you know, releasing Kaya for
uh tuning in to AE conversations.
They're just always the best in market.
They're always the best in terms of
they're never making moves that are
like,
you know, they're always high class,
high integrity, focusing on you. Um, but
the other thing is just as a partner,
they have been incredible to work with
from day one. Becky, Haley, Jeremy, my
poor Jeremy Moscowitz, you know who you
are. Uh, Chris, I mean, they've just
been an incredible team to work with
from the marketing perspective. And
something they do for me as a partner,
uh, which is really indispensable to me
is they never, just so you'all know,
they never are like, "You have to say
this, you have to do this." I come to
them with ideas and I'm like, "Hey, what
if we did the cold outreach Olympic?"
They're like, "We love it." So, just as
a content creator, it's so much fun for
them to um yeah, enable me and uh to let
me really run with ideas and not tell me
you have to say this or you have to do
this or blah blah blah. I mean, they
just were so creative in terms of the
series, so helpful, so supportive, and
of course, thank you for sending me
here. So, that is everything. Thank you
so much everybody for everything. For
real. I mean it. I had so much fun. I am
honestly I am getting very emotional
right now. So I'm like going to cut the
cut the the live stream. But thank you
so much for tuning in. Kirstston
Jay Frank everyone. Robert Jean Plans
Marco everyone who is involved men.
Thank you to outreach. Thank you to of
course the Olympics and uh thank you to
the country of Italy. I'm going to be
tuning out now and I'm going to be going
back to Paris. So I do miss my my
Frenchies when I saw them on the the bus
last night. So if for your gold's medal
men put up the email earlier. So for
your gold medal if you would reach out
to him uh in terms of we we need your
addresses so we can send you your gold.
Hopefully these good gold medals won't
break like the Olympics ones. There's
like 150 of them that broke. So
hopefully his hearts won't break.
Speaking of breaking, this is breaking
my heart. Thank you so much to everyone
for tuning in, for being a part of this,
for making it so meaningful and to
making it so much fun. I really had a
lot of fun. It was an incredible
experience. Um yeah, I was thinking
about I was like, I have to leave Italy
tomorrow. I was like, oh my gosh, I feel
almost Italian at at this point. So
thank you everyone for making it so much
fun and so meaningful and for tuning in
the entire time. Oh my goodness. Thank
you, Robert.
Such a weird experience, right?
And I quote, I said, "Ma'am,
I'm not in the Winter Olympics.
I'm not in any Olympics. I'll never be
in any Olympics except for the sales
sales Olympics and the cold outreach
Olympics." So anyho, grati mle to
everyone at
I will see you all soon. Ciao for now.
