Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "irW-kNbHfzQ",
  "title": "The 2026 Cold (Outreach) Olympics: Day 16",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irW-kNbHfzQ",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Bonjour.
How's it going everyone?
Italian people are probably so sick of
me if the opening like that. How's it
going? Oh, happy Saturday Kirsten. How's
it going everyone? Um, I think is that
Oh, I was about to say something spicy
happened last night at the Olympics
right in front of my seat. Go look it
up. But there was tragically last night
it was wild. Basically in the short
track there was six there's six people
who who race short track for uh in any
given heat for the it was the women's
1500 meters. So, they did quarterfinals
and semi-finals and finals. And in the
semifinals, I want to say it was either
semi-finals or quarterfinals, they're
coming around the uh corner uh like they
are now. And basically, the US skater
did an illegal lane change and clipped
the uh Polish skater and she fell and
hit her head on the ice. But on the way
down, the US skater gashed her eye with
her skate
right in front of me. There was blood on
the ice. They had to shut down the ice
for like, I don't know, 45 minutes and
they were cleaning it. There were
stretchers. Poor thing. So, she got her
eye gash. Apparently, she is um she's
recovering right now. But yeah, it was
absolutely wild to watch. So, she
basically fell down and she collided
with an Italian uh skater and they had
to shut down the entire ice. So, that
was the spiciest thing I've ever seen.
And yeah,
who gross? That's like my biggest fear.
I think that's a lot of people's biggest
fear
is that excuse me, either your head or
your hand or something is going to get
cut by a skate. And it happened last
night straight in front of my scene. So,
I want to show youall a picture. So, of
course, I was the one like total, you
know, but buttthead who was uh actually
taking a a picture. So, they put up a
sheet so that people could this is how
close it was to me. So, this was
basically the paramedic crew. I mean, so
they came over and they put up, you can
see they put up a sheet at one point
and uh then they they carried her off in
a stretcher. So, I gave you gave you
basically the photo where you can't see
her face, but yeah, unbelievable. She
was completely unconscious whenever they
took her off ice. So anywh who I give
your thoughts and I know I know it is
really intense. Like I didn't realize
how many Hi Jay Frank. I didn't realize
how many people actually fell in short
track skating. Like it was probably
every other race. I mean it was you know
it's a really really exciting sport but
half of it was just staying staying on
on your uh your feet. Hi Jose. Um happy
Saturday to everyone. This is our last
day before the final uh housekeeping
item and then we're going to go into the
topic for today housekeeping item. We're
going to to we were going to have the
final final day of closing ceremonies
tomorrow. However, we wanted to be
really intentional with it, wanted to be
really thoughtful with it, and we're
going to be doing a metal ceremonies. Of
course, we're going to be doing a metal
ceremonies for y'all. And um I basically
did the math and uh decided to go to bob
sled tomorrow and to the closing
ceremony. So we're going to do a beefed
up version, but we're going to be doing
it on Monday. So housekeeping item is we
will not be having a session tomorrow
but we'll have one on Monday where we're
going to be doing closing ceremonies
which includes making the jump into the
next role all the and then a review o uh
over all the different prospecting
topics we've done so far and all the
different AE topics we've done so far.
So I actually extended my stay at this
place so that um even on Monday I'll be
here still in Milan so we can do a recap
together. So that's just a housekeeping
item. Let's go ahead and jump in for the
the uh the day because I know it's
Saturday so I want to make sure I get
everyone out on time. So today the last
topic is going to be on deal reviews,
forecasting criteria, and deal stage
criteria. So essentially all of the
different mechanics of the CRM for an
account executive. By the way, I put on
my Armani hoodie to today because I'm
like, okay, let's have some respect.
It's the last It's the last topical day,
so I have to wear Senor Amani during the
last um during the last session. Anyhoo,
okay. So, let's just jump in with lap
one, but this is basically going to be
very revopsheavy, very AE heavy or very
um technical components heavy. So,
why don't we start with deal uh review
criteria? So, I know that we covered a
lot yesterday in terms of the um in
terms of the uh deal review that you
that you should be uh in my my opinion
that you should be running the scorecard
that you should be using. Um but in
terms of deal review, I would make sure
you know again that the metric or the
rubric is central and that it's
objective in nature. That's the Canadian
guy that got disqualified actually in
the background. Sorry, my my head's all
over the play place today. So, um, in
terms of the deal review card, I would
make sure it's in a centralized place
and I would make sure that all the
criteria above all are objective,
meaning you're asking objective
questions, meaning it's without feeling
and without subjectivity of adjectives
or adverbs. Good, bad, high, low. Did
the call go well? For instance, like
that's a very subjective question. Did
it go well to them? Did it go well to
you? Did it go well to, you know, who's
the the judge there? So if you said uh
did the call go well that's a question
that they can't answer. They'd have to
answer according to their own knowledge
which is the problem with the question
you know but if you said did the call
extend past the given time like did the
prospect ask to extend the call that
would be a sign you know that it went
really well or did they talk did they
talk about um uh how they would
hypothetically want payment terms to be
organized. That's a call or a sign that
it went well, but it's not a subjective
sign that the person a rep can answer
yes or no to that question, but they
they can't answer in all objectivity a
yes or no or a description on did a call
go well. So, in terms of deal review
criteria that I would measure, I have it
down into five brackets. I'm just going
to start rattling some stuff off so that
we can um you can get some traction
here. So the first thing that I would
measure within deal reviews is uh that a
percentage of summary points are about
the client is sorry that were about the
prospect versus uh were about your
company. I would measure those in a
digital format. It's something objective
that you can track and um I would put it
within the CRM. The reason that you want
to put all this stuff in the CRM is
because you want to track it over time.
Well, you want to track it over time and
you want to be objective over time. see
if it's what uh kind of themes you can
see is it increasing is it decreasing
are they getting better are they getting
worse according to an objective term but
the other reason is
reporting if done well should live in
the CRM in my opinion and the reason
that it should live there is because you
should in my opinion have as few
consolidated points of truth as possible
so the more tech that you have and the
more points of truth that you have it's
not the more tech that you have but the
more places where reps have to put
something in a manual field or um are
looking to as points of truth, the more
human error that you're going to have.
So in terms of the CRM, that's the ideal
place for it to it to live. Not only for
a consolidation perspective, but also
from the perspective of then you can
very easily link it to was this closed
one or not. So you can see whether your
trends actually match the results or
whether they don't match the results and
then you can rethink uh rethink the deal
review card. So essentially like for
instance with the amount of summary
points AI summary points let's say that
it's getting worse over time but their
uh close rate is going up over time. Now
I'd want to see that it's significant
and I want to see that it's over at
least a period of well it depends on the
sales cycle but I'd say at least a
period of six months but if that if your
um the amount that you're you're talking
about your company increases and the
close rates also increase and that's a
very interesting data point. I'd be
like, okay, what's the outlier here?
What's happening in the call so you can
diagnose what's going on? So, that's the
first type of thing that I would put in
the uh dealer review that I would
measure in deal review and put in CRM.
The second is in terms of the the volume
and kind of the nature of questions. So,
I would measure what percentage of the
time when the prospect spoke did uh the
rep follow up with the question versus
talk. And I would do it in raw volume
and in percentage. Meaning there's 10
times that the prospect spoke, you know,
in terms of the blips in the blips in
your um uh in Kaya for instance and with
an outreach, they have a great
conversation intelligence platform built
in and it can measure track you know
themes and trends over times. Now I will
say any kind of revenue intelligence or
any kind of conversational intelligence
platform, it really is down to the
innovation of the creator. meaning the
innovation of uh what you're asking for
the data points you're asking for. So CI
by itself without vision is just a
notetaker. I kid you not. That's all it
is. And I've worked for multiple CI
platforms. The ones that kind of founded
the space founded the space. So I I
think that it's just a notetaker unless
you have a very intentional and very
thoughtful and very effective vision of
what you want to measure and why you
want to measure it. So, one of the data
points that I would ask for and track
within deal reviews is what percentage
of the time when the prospects finished
speaking, did the uh rep ask a question
or did they start talking about anything
at all? So, that's the next thing I
would measure. I'd measure when they
mentioned a problem, struggle or
challenge. And how you can do that is on
a keyword. So if they say we've been
having a lot of trouble with or problems
with or challenge or struggle or like
you can me uh make all of those
essentially keywords and then uh from
there on out see if the if the rep uh
countered by asking a question around
that challenge or struggle. So a great
question you can ask is what do you mean
by that? But you want to see what
percentage of the time when the prospect
actually mentioned something that was
really important to them, did they
actually double down and did they um did
they uh ask about the problem or the the
challenge versus not? Uh the next one
that I would me I would see is when a
prospect mentioned a subjective term,
how often was it defined? So again,
these are all very objective things that
you can measure using um uh using
conversation intelligence. How many
questions did the rep rep ask in total?
Now the the following ones would have to
be a little bit more manual but I would
suggest doing it just from the from the
leadership perspective. Out of all the
questions asked, how many of them were
qualifying or bank questions? You could
do a keyword search on decision maker or
timeline or time or budget. You could uh
put put in a key tracker. It won't soop
up all bank questions, but it will get
you on the right path of like what how
many bank questions were asked to the
prospect. In my opinion, there shouldn't
be any bank questions. Uh I qualify
based on the level of the problem. Then
I also qualify based on how much value
that I've added,
meaning how many unknowns have I found.
But those are the two qualifiers for me,
not necessarily um any kind of budget.
There's a lot of things that I don't
have budget for. It's kind of like
saying, you know, when I uh rented the
car that um uh that did I have a
pre-allocated budget set out for uh snow
tires? The answer is no. I didn't. Why?
I didn't know that was a problem that I
had. So, if you're finding unknowns, by
definition, you're going here's the wild
thing. If you're finding unknowns, which
is what selling is about. That's the
only point of seller. If you're finding
unknowns, then you are by definition
create finding things that they don't
have budget allocated for. How would I
have budget allocated for something that
I didn't even know about?
Maybe they have a rainy day fund, but
it's certainly not I mean, and I guess
it's a nice data point to know, but
having a pre-allocated budget for a
problem that they didn't even know that
they have is is a like crazy talk.
Absolutely crazy talk. So, I would want
to measure how many band questions did
they ask, how many leading questions
they had. Hello, Beck. Thanks for all
the teaching during this incredible
series of events. Hope to grab coffee in
Paris. I can't can't stay going hiking
or skiing. Sorry, I read that wrong.
Y'all, this this um this s uh cold
outreach Olympics has pushed me on a
emotional level. I was talking to men
about this uh last night. I hope to see
you soon. So, sorry that I confuse the
word skiing for hiking. That's not even
close. But yes, I would love to get a
coffee with you. Just let me know. And
thanks for what you said about the
series. So, um the next thing that I
would want to be looking at is how many
times did the rep say the word if? How
many times uh out of all the questions,
how many of the questions uh include a
subjective term, meaning a uh adjective
or an adverb? Out of all the questions
asked, how many were self- diagnosis
questions? And then and that's all for
stage three. So it's the the quality of
the questions. For stage four, the
things that I would me measure in stage
four, you're going to not things that
you're measuring on the call, but inputs
that the rep should have to put in post
call.
Right? So now we're talking about notes
that they have to put in post call. I'm
probably going to go over on this one
FYI FYI, but um it in terms of the
things that I would require for the for
the rep to put in post call is what is
the what is the prospect's self
diagnosis
for all of the fields. Like again, you
can think about it how you want to rank
ratchet it up if you're just starting
with a rep. Meaning, I wouldn't put in
5,000 fields to a a uh CR like to a deal
stage criteria or a deal review criteria
right off the bat because it'll just get
too overwhelmed. So, I'd start slow in
the beginning, but uh at the end that
basically should be in there. I'm just
going to get the dinger. Hey, I was
early yesterday. I was early,
y'all. Within the last 12 hours, men and
I, mostly men, decided that that I
should go drive to Cortina for bobsled.
You know what that means? That means I
have a fiveh hour drive after this.
But I was like, we're already in there.
I mean, we might as well just lean in.
So, I'm going to go to Bob so I can go
to bobsled tomorrow morning because I'm
like, Jamaica, we got our bobsled team.
So, I've got five hours of driving after
this through hilly crazy town and then
I'm going to get up and go to bobsled
and drive back to closing ceremonies and
then drive back to Milan and drop off
the car at 2:00 a.m.
and and come back here. So, anyho,
things getting a little bit wild. So, I
I I think I need a little grace in terms
of the the clock today. So um the
criteria that I would have them put in
uh full-fledged after the deal review
basically for every single deal review
is the prospect self diagnosis for
business problem, tactical problem, root
cause, current impact, future impact,
current event trigger or future event
trigger. I would have all the fields
available. Now, the prospect won't know
why or sorry, sorry, I I would have all
all all all the the fields available,
but if the if the uh rep doesn't fill it
in, then it won't necessarily populate.
So, outreach is a great example of this.
If you go on the prospect profile and if
you were to edit in custom tags of let's
say business problem, tactical problem,
self-dagnosed, self-dagnosed,
self-dagnosed root cause, self-dagnosed
current impact, self-dagnosed future
impact, etc. If you were to put all
those in as tags, they would all be
completely
invisible unless the rep fills them in.
So that's one of the strengths of
outreach is essentially like and it's
the same thing with personalization
fields. like I have all of my tags built
in to my outreach instance where
basically it would say for the
personalization fields hypothetically
you have 55 buckets articles that they
wrote articles that they uh webinars
that they were on speaking events they
were at comments that they made likes
that they made etc etc 55 criteria later
I have all of those niched in as tags
before RevOps throws up hear me out
all the tags are in there. But unless I
hit edit and fill in the field of this
article that they wrote,
then uh that's the only one that
populates to the top. So what it's
helpful for is it structures rep's
mindset of like where do I put this
thing so that they start to see a system
in a pattern. You can measure and track
the pattern over time of like which
bucket actually converts the best, but
there's no confusion of the rep of like
they have 55 tags waiting at the at the
top for them. So for the deal deal
review criteria, I would do the same
thing. Uh for the for the the um buyer
self diagnosis, I would put
self-dagnosed business problem,
self-dagnosed root cause, self-dagnosed
tactical problem, self-dagnosed current
pro uh current impact uh current impact,
self-prognosed future impact, self
diagnose current event trigger,
self-prognos uh future event trigger,
and the supporting reason of why. I
would have all of those fields niched
into my deal review template. But again,
if they won't have all of them, like for
instance, they won't have a current
event trigger and a future event
trigger. They'll have one or the other.
They won't necessarily have a root cause
that they know. Not necessarily.
A lot of times they do, but not
necessarily. They might not necessarily
know a current like the all the uh
current horizontal impact, but they
might know a vertical one. But the point
is is that you want to find out
everything or the rep wants to find out
everything that that person thought and
why. And then I have a second column. I
would I cannot stress how much I would
do this. The second column says rep
diagnosis, rep diagnose business
problem, rep diagnose root cause, rep
diagnose tactical problem, rep diagnose
so on and so forth. And then the third
column would be what's the difference?
And I would make the rep fill that in.
And the reason being it will help them
get to know over time of like if number
one that I'm not uh not even getting the
the business problem for the um for the
the prospect. Most reps aren't getting
it and most people most reps don't know
it. That's what this deal review
template should cause is they're like,
"Oh, I had no idea I wasn't getting the
business problem." And I'm like, "If you
left the call without the lagging
indicator, goal and achievement, you
don't have the business problem. You
just don't." Right? And so it can cause
that. It can also cause them to
understand of like oh I uh I haven't
developed my own diagnosis. But the
third piece is look at that they just
wiped out. The third piece is that they
will understand very heavily that there
is no difference between what the rep
believed what they believed as the rep
and what the buyer believed. That is
inherently valuable because if those two
aren't different there was no point to
the call.
period. There just wasn't there was no
point to the call. So that is all the
stuff I would measure in a deal review
is I would measure business problem
tactual problem.
Yes,
Robert, you read my mind. Everyone give
it up for Robert. And how do you So he
asks, do you apply any type of waiting
for the criteria and how do you address
objective criteria that has qualitative
factors? Word count email doesn't
address effective wording. That's a
great a great question. So I'll answer
the the former first. So the former qu
or the former question is do I wait? The
answer is so what he's talking about is
within deal review criteria are there
any that I wait more significantly?
Here's something that's absolutely wild.
Robert, I have seen a basically uh
someone who acquired a um um analytics
platform
and they essentially one of the biggest
mistakes these platforms which the reps
know right away that's why they don't
use it is they just think it's full of
BS which it is. It really is. And one of
the the signs of that was if you just
filled in the business problem, let's
say for for for this platform
brought to you by Coke Light.
If you just filled this in, it instantly
went up from a 20% forecast to an 80%
forecast. And I'm like, whoa, whoa,
whoa, wait, time out here. It depends on
the size of the business problem. Yes,
but just you filling in that field made
it jump from 20 to 80. I've also heard
of several different uh let's call them
universities that have been using tech
around email measuring how effective an
email was and they would change like two
words and it make the statistics jump
all around because it was based on
nothing, you know. So, I do wait but how
I wait there's no CR. Well, I'll put
that aside for a second. How I do weight
is I take into account the size of the
business problem
but especially I would measure the size
of the business problem the size of the
root cause and tactical problem those
are negatives because that is what the
prospect has to change right so the
bigger the change in root cause doesn't
mean thumbs up to me it means thumbs
down to me it's the higher the price tag
for the prospect of what they have to do
but the impact is does the impact
outweigh that? So I would measure from a
quantitative perspective what is and I
would weight accordingly what is the
impact what is the current evidence
current impact of the business problem
and what is the future impact of the
business problem of what they know and
also of what they don't know misdiagnos
and misdiagnosis. If this doesn't
outweigh this, you have no sale.
If it's, you know, if or and the other
one that you have to keep in mind, you
can't measure this, but you can affect
it is the likelihood that they believe
they're going to be able to do something
about it. That is the number one thing
that is going to prevent them from
buying. And the only thing that makes
them sure that they can the only thing
that reassures them or doubles down on
the credibility in the buyer's head that
they're going to be able to solve it is
you finding unknowns.
So I would measure first of all what is
the business problem, tactical problem
and root cause. Second thing from a
weighted perspective what is the current
impact and future impact
self- diagnose and uh and uh your
diagnosis and then the third field is I
would measure the size the adjoining
impacts and the number of impacts of the
unknowns that you found that will give
you a measure around how much
credibility you have
uh how much resistance you're probably
going to have with buyer in the deal and
how much fear they have. Like you won't
be able to assess their fear, but you
will know how how much you affected it,
if I'm making any sense at all. If I
find three impacts that they didn't know
about, all of a sudden, they're going to
be more sure that number one, they
they're going to be successful in
solving this because now they have three
more unknowns that now they know.
But the other thing is is you have
credibility in the deal. So it increases
the likelihood that they'll do something
about it because it reduces their fear
and it increases the likelihood that
they'll do something about it with you
because you were the one to do you were
the one to solve it. So I would measure
for sure from a weighted perspective and
I would look at these fields and
weights. I mean again and this this uh
person who acquired an analytics
platform I'm like they're in sales
training then I'm like you have to
measure the size of the business
problem. It can't just be oh the
business problem exists. So, we're more
likely to close the deal. I'm like, all
you're measuring there is that you have
acquired what the buyer thinks, right?
Which essentially is a negative to them.
So, I would say that hinders if it does
anything to to uh forecasting, then it
hinders it. Just because you know the
business problem doesn't mean that
anything about their likelihood to
change, their likelihood to actually buy
something and buy something with you uh
has changed along with it. It just means
that you have their current state you
know self diagnosis information. So I
would measure from a weighted
perspective what is the business problem
tactical problem and root cause self-
diagnosed in all reality what is uh what
is my my uh what is the the current
impact and future impact horizontal
vertical and uh p uh persona impact what
they think and what I think in objective
reality and then what is the amount of
unknowns that I found how many unknowns
did I find what were what were the
impacts that were related to them. How
big were those impacts? Another thing
that I would measure is how quickly was
that impact going to happen if they if
you hadn't caught it. So, you know, if
someone catches one that was like 15
minutes away, that's a much bigger, you
know, much uh different story than, you
know, one that um uh essentially that
wasn't going to happen for another
month. And then I would measure from a
weighted view if this business problem
and tactical problem and root cause if
that is not a sizable margin lower than
the impact of them not uh the impact
that's going to happen to them in
objective reality and in what they they
had self diagnosed. You have no sale
because it's too much pain for not and
the other piece to keep in mind is their
their the likelihood in their head that
they're actually going to solve it. Now,
they can't give you an objective measure
around that. Even if they could, they
they might be lying and they might not
even know it. But how you can increase
their increase your credibility and
decrease their fear that they're not
going to be able to solve the problem is
finding unknowns. So, I would from a
weighted perspective want to know how
many unknowns did I find? If I found a
lot of unknowns and I'm in a healthier
bucket, like let's say that this margin
was only, you know, a million uh in
terms of impact that they're going to
lose and it's 200k, you know, in terms
of for simplicity sake in in terms of
the business problem, then I'm like,
okay, well, that or it's a million and
it's 800k. I'm like, well, that's a
slight margin, you know, but I found 16
unknowns. Then I'm like, well, I still
think that they're going to solve for
it. Why? Because they're convinced that
they're going to be successful, right?
So the main thing that they fear is
outcome uncertainty. They're not going
to be able to get their outcome by
working with you. And so um by actually
making move to solve the problem. So
that is something I for sure would be
measuring. It's not about did they get
it in the beginning. It yes it's about
did they get it but you can't affect the
size of the business problem. Now you
can affect the size of quote unquote the
impact by finding impacts that they
didn't know about. But you know I would
think of it from a weighted view. How
much credibility do I have? How much
fear do they have reduced after talking
to me via how many unknowns that I found
and then what is the difference between
the the headache that's the headache and
the risk that it's going to take to
solve this and change it versus the
headache and the risk and the things
that are going to happen to them if they
don't you know and I would view all of
those weighted not viewing those in a
weighted manner manner is
bananas it's freaking bananas you know
because it doesn't matter if I have the
in the beginning, yes, it just matters
that the rep got the business problem.
I'll agree. But in the end, it's it's
not did they get it, it's did they get
it and like where is it at in
relationship to the impact because if
the impact is less expensive than the
business problem to them from a cost
view, they're never going to solve it.
If it's close to it, then you know
they're going to solve it a little and
they're going to put a little bit amount
amount of budget dependent upon the
amount of resources. So great question.
I do wait. I don't wait in terms of 2x
for the business problem, 3x for the
current imp. I don't wait in terms of
that. I wait in terms of the actual size
delta and gap that is create like that
is created by um the the criteria that I
just mentioned at hand. So long question
long answer but um very interesting
topic. So let's go into lap two 20
minutes later.
Okay. So, uh, well, actually, we
actually kind of covered this already,
so this one would be a lot shorter. What
to ask the AE4 call after the call for a
deal review. I wouldn't ask them for a
narrative. I wouldn't say what's going
on in the deal. The quickest way to make
the coaching call or your deal review is
completely ineffective is to ask the
rep, "What's going on with Oracle?"
They'll go, "Yeah, but" and then you'll
just get vomit. You'll just get vomit.
And to their credit, sometimes as vomit,
they believe.
But that's not what I'm interested in.
What I'm interested in is two things.
What is actually objectively true in the
account? And what was the rep's ability
to acquire that information?
So after the call, the things that I
would ask the rep for is like I said,
business problem, tactical problem, root
cause, current impact, future impact,
current event trigger, future event
trigger of what the buyer self
diagnosed,
what their diagnosis is and what's the
difference. Those are things that you
cannot Here's a great example of, and
everyone says in conversation
intelligence, I can replicate your top
performer. No, they can't.
beyond a shadow of a freaking doubt. No,
they can't. Because if they could, you
would see completely equal quota
attainment at their organizations.
Completely equal like meaning one, you
know, you would replicate it
essentially, which is the swing is like
90%. I've looked under the hood of every
one of them.
So the point being I would use here's a
great example of something that
conversation intelligence cannot
capture. It could hypothetically get you
on the way of like business problem.
Let's say if you were to marker in your
CRM that the persona is a CFO.
I would be interested in the amount of
times that the words were asked gross
profit margin. How many times were they
used by the rep? And how many times was
it used by the prospect? If the answer
is zero and zero, you're in trouble.
They don't have the business problem.
So, you could hypothetically do that
one. But where you start to get really
tricky is root cause, tactical problem.
Did the rep say it? Did the buyer say
it? So, you know, if it's a self
diagnosis or if it's a like, let's say
the uh that the um uh uh the the seller
asked, you know, how many emails are you
sending per day? And they're like, so
the amount of emails that we're sending
per day, uh let me look. That means it's
not a self diagnosis because they
haven't looked at it, right? So, it
would get too complex. But the things
that I'm asking them for are those three
three key pieces. Now you could take a
take a look as specifically with
business problem and specifically on a
persona level. It would be an
interesting tracker to understand how
many times did both parties mention that
that metric. It's the fastest way to
find out once you get past stage one and
stage two and stage three in terms of
are they are they talking are they doing
all the talking? Number two, are they
asking questions and what type of
questions are they asking? And that's
what stage one, two, and three is. But
stage four is what information did they
acquire. So I would would be interested
of for that persona, how many times did
they you did they say and did the
prospect say the key trigger word of
that prospect's lagging indicator? But
you're going to have to break it down on
a lagging indicator per persona basis.
So you'd have to I'm not saying it can't
be done. I'm saying it'd be a little bit
trickier, you know, of like you would
have to have tight rules. Here's the
thing. This all sounds very nerdy.
However,
I would say 98% of my efficacy as a
leader was based on this was based on
rules within CRM, rules within sales
engagement, rule, you know, rooting
rules. It's it's how I was smoking
everyone else out candidly is, you know,
just establishing using AI to do the
thing that AI is supposed to do. It's
like, I want to know how many questions
were asked on this call. Here's a wild
thing to know. All the conversation
intelligence platforms out there when
they're reporting on their data.
Okay. Whatever.
Okay. When they're reporting on their
data,
not one of them has a report on how many
questions are asked.
That be something that's interesting to
know
is how many questions are asked on a
call on average. I've looked into it or
if they do it's hidden. It's hidden
somewhere where I cannot find it and I
have scoured through of like now they
give you potential bands of whenever
they get into the range of nine to 14
questions and they start to see it and
it's correlative data and it's not based
on anything real. However, I would be
interested on you know uh you know
things like how many questions uh did
they ask. So there are limitations to CI
and there are some drawbacks and there
are some some pros. So the thing that I
would make the rep put in is business
problem, tax problem, root cause,
current impact, future impact, self
diagnosis of the buyer,
their diagnosis of all those elements.
If the if there are several of these
missing, you know, meaning there's a
future event trigger but no current
event trigger, that makes sense.
If there in column two, if there are
ones missing, that shows you the um
because this just shows you what they
believe and why do they believe it.
So, they won't necessarily have
everything in this second column. If
they don't have things in there, every
field that they don't have in there
means it's something that they were not
able to diagnose. So it's a direct hit
on their ability.
They were not able to figure out the
root cause. They were not able to figure
out the tactical problem. They were not
able to figure out, you know, blank. So
the first step within uh deal deal
reviews is is figuring out, you know,
can they even get out tease out what the
buyer thinks and why they think that.
But the second piece is do they develop
anything themselves? And then the third
step is is there any difference. So this
shows you repability to diagnose and
this shows you repability of f finding
things that the person didn't know. Both
of those are going to be down to how
much do they know the buyer persona? How
much information do they acquire in
discovery period? Those the two things.
Did they acquire what the buyer thinks
and did they do they know what truly is
a root cause and what's not a root cause
and what the aim but a direction is
around there. So those are the things
that I would ask the rep for afterwards.
And the reason I would ask them for that
is that is a great example of something
that conversation intelligence they
could track hypothetically the keyword
of gross profit margin. what they
couldn't track is that that's the
business problem and that's that's the
lagging indicator achievement and that's
the lagging indicator goal. So there are
certain amount of things I would say
arguably most of the important
information meaning conversation
intelligence can't tell you this was an
unknown for the buyer
like hypothetically you could do it on
you know like question you know like uh
really like words like that but it it
wouldn't work it just flat out wouldn't
work there is no year 300 years in the
future that that will work it just
period you know so the the I use CI for
the setup of what I needed need to use
it for. But the information that I would
ask the uh buyer for or the I'm sorry,
the rep for afterwards is going to be
very key because it's going to show them
and it's going to show me were they able
to acquire what the buyer thinks? Were
they able to diagnose themselves and
were they able to find anything that the
person didn't know? Now, you could argue
that sometimes they'll find things that
the buyer didn't know, but they didn't
know that they did that. It could
happen, you know, of like they forget
about it, but not often. Not often of
like usually when they when if they are
talented enough to find an unknown,
they're talented enough to remember it
typically speaking. So those are the
criteria that I'd ask the rep for the
call after the call and I would bake
into the deal a deal refuge stage. So
after every single call, they should be
entering that information, right? And
so, and one of the things that I would
also think about is when you have new
buyers on the call,
added buyers on the call, did the rep uh
get their diagnosed information, and did
the rep find unknowns for them? Every
call that there is a buyer that you
didn't find unknowns for, you're at high
risk of they're going to be a detractor
in the deal. It's not they're they're an
advocate or they're neutral. They're one
or the other. They either believe they
should use you or they they don't. And
if the person didn't even get the person
to come off mute and give their self
diagnosis information, they basically
just communicated to the person they
don't care. So I would for each call and
for added buyers, I would want to know
how many did I how many did I get the
self diagnosis information and how many
did did the rep find unknowns for. The
more the better. Obviously, if there's
too many buyers, I would lump them by
group of like these are all in sales
enablement, so on and so forth. But I'd
be very interested to see over time and
as buyers were added,
did they find unknowns for them? Because
that can be a huge problem of you win as
a you win individually, but as a group,
you win the group, but by way of
the individuals within the group.
Yeah. What I mean by that is like you
have a hundred Skittles, you don't just
win the whole bag. You win, you know,
let's say 60 of the 100 Skittles and
then that tips the bag in your favor. So
like if you have 20 buyers, you don't
win all 20 buyers as a group over.
That's just not how it works because
they all have different buyer personas
and they all have different things
they're going to solve for. And so they
all need different pieces of value as
confidence that they're going to be able
to solve their problem by way of you
finding unknowns. So, if you find five
unknowns for one buyer and nothing for
everyone else, I'm like, you're going to
lose that deal, probably competitors
because you have 19 buyers in there who
you haven't done anything for. It
doesn't matter what you've done for
other people. It matters what you've
done for me.
What have you done for me and what have
you done for me lately? Okay. Uh,
men, was there a comment that Kirsten
had earlier? I saw that you pinned one
at at one point. Or is this the comment?
Yeah. Okay. It seems to me that if you
only focus on a sea level business
problem, there could be other products
or ways to fix that. Like a hospital
that ditched buying equipment to build a
new park like a hospital that ditched
buying equipment to build a new parking
lot problem they were solving was more
patients.
Okay. So, uh keep the the Robert comment
up. The higher level you are, the more
of an indicator or sign to you that you
don't have you're not on the lagging
indicator of the persona in front of
you. I cannot tell you how many and I
mean this I'm laughing because I'm just
staring at these people when this is
happening.
People will link in their head the
business problem is always revenue.
They're like, "Oh, well, they lost
revenue because a customer churn or they
lost revenue and customers churned, so
it's going to impact their um how much
money they can get and can they IPO?"
And that is the example and that is what
they're after in every conversation
because
we in sales are measured on revenue. So
they assume falsely that every buyer
persona that that is their business
problem. And I just stare at them while
they're doing it of I'm like the only
thing that you're proving to me right
now is that we are more narcissistic
than I thought.
It's like we assume that everyone's
business problem is our business
problem. I'm going to give a a short
example. Please excuse, you know, um who
who is uh essentially dogging, but
there's this Reddit channel that
basically says crap Americans say.
And it's it's kind of it's it's real
stuff that Americans have said. And at
one point someone um had posted online.
They're like, "Yeah." So I got into
France and I said blah blah blah. And
they wouldn't even respect my first
amendment rights. And I'm like because
we THEY DON'T HAVE THE SAME FIRST
AMENDED AMENDMENT, BRENDAN.
They're French.
So point being, we view the business
problem according to revenue because
we're in sales. So I would say Kirsten
kind of to your point the higher level
the business problem is you have to keep
in mind a business impact
what how it impacts the business does
not matter unless they own the business
or like on the board for the business or
the CRO. If I'm a marketer like a
frontline level marketer in an
enterprise company it does not matter to
me what is the business impact of this
thing. Why? because I'm not running
Oracle.
I'm running the marketing demand genen
team for Oracle. So when my butt gets in
trouble is when that MQL number goes
down. So any kind of the higher level
like number that you're you're going
after or seeking after thinking that
that's going to be the the actual
solution uh that that's the actual
business problem. be more of a key sign
that you are bereft of the actual
business problem and that you are on
these highle metrics that make sense I
guess hypothetically to you as the
seller but are not their numbers w
within their role their you know their
lagging indicator is going to be per
role so again unless it's CRO or CEO
then business impact of you know how
much market share the business has you
know
like run this map in your head, an IT
director caring about the stock price at
Oracle.
I mean, we're we're talking about
someone
I mean, hypothetically, I guess like
unless they have a ton of stock in
Oracle or unless there's some, you know,
again, side impact, that is not going to
be their number. So, I would it's always
going to be hinged around what is their
lagging indicator number and what are
the effects of that number being um uh
pushed out. Okay. So, uh, Robert K, uh,
Kirstson, that seems to indicate that
they are riskaverse. Both solutions are
required, but the parking lot has, uh,
fewer unknowns. Missed opportunity. I'm
kind of confused on what y'all are
saying. I'm a little confu infused on
what what y'all are saying. I would go
think about it like this. I mean, if I
were a maintenance director,
if I were a maintenance director, let's
say a facilities manager, and the
parking lot being broken or the the
parking lot not having enough parking,
my business problem is, you know, my
business problem is the amount of uh
people that can park and access the
building in any given time.
Now, the let's say that the goal is that
we have a patient load of 500 on
average, and right now we can only seat
300. So right now I have a 200 delta of
pe of patients that I cannot uh give
parking to. So a great example of how
that would be uh how that would result
in an impact is a horizontal impact.
Let's say that I uh the the to your
point the um uh or this would usually
probably be a vertical impact. Let's say
that I answer into the CRO of the
hospital or the uh uh practice
administrator, you know, of Baylor
Medical.
Lost patients
is going to be the vertical impact
of my parking problem to my boss.
So, right now I have 200 lost uh
patients because they can't find
parking. So they divert to another
hospital.
A horizontal impact would be let's say
the marketing team for Baylor Medical.
There's a whole bunch of patients who
have le left nasty reviews because they
couldn't find parking. So that hurts the
marketing team of like the brand message
and market, the amount of positive
versus negative reviews that they're
after, you know, and the amount of let's
say B2B sales that they're like
quoteunquote B2B sales that they're able
to uh to do within their divisions. So
that would that would meaning like quote
unquote inbound. So that's how it would
affect the marketing team. Both of those
are impacts. But you have to keep in
mind that the the an impact is an effect
of something because the business
problem exists, right? So because my
business problem of parking exists, it
affects this person and affects this
person. But my business problem is not
the amount of money that's coming in to
the practice because why? I'm the
facilities manager. Now, if any one of
these get high enough or they get high
enough in conglomeration, it's going to
move the IT director to solve it or
sorry, the the facility managers to
solve it. Why? Because anytime one of
these things increases, then it's going
to put more pressure on me that I'm the
one that needs to get fired of like
whoever is handling the parking is the
problem. It's the problem of why we're
turning patients. It's a problem why we
can't get keep people on staff. You
know, let's say even the let's say even
the doctors. So doctors are based on
let's say one of the their metrics is
death count and because of the parking
situation and uh lack of access they
they can't get to the ER quickly enough
they can't get patients through the door
quickly enough they have to park over
here and then they you know have to walk
let's walk a couple hundred feet let's
say with a stretcher and because of that
it increases the amount of terrain that
the person's having to go over the
amount of time it takes to get them to
the front door to get them to the
doctors. So the death count rises and
the lawsuits rise. All of a sudden
you've got legal has an impact and you
have the doctors have an impact. Right?
So all four of those are impacts of the
same business problem which is parking.
But the business problem for the
facilities manager is not death count.
That's an impact. That's lateral impact.
The business problem is not the amount
of revenue. The business problem isn't
the amount of trash reviews. It is the
amount it is the the the parking
aotment. Right? So what I mean by root
cause of like that the root cause in the
business problem have to be lower than
the current like and by a significant
margin than the impact is this is a lot
of work to up heave all this gravel go
into zoning restrictions and blah blah
blah to get more parking but it's worth
it if because I can't fit in these 200
patients marketing wants me dead
practice administrator wants me dead
legal wants me dead you know the the
doctors want me dead because all because
my parking issue is impacting them,
right? So, this is a great example of
how to bucket it in your head of like
what is the business problem? What did
they acquire? And if I as a rep, even if
I found out that all of that was true,
but I didn't find an unknown, then they
might solve it, but they might solve it.
But you have to keep in mind you did
nothing to address their fear that
they're not going to be able to if they
run the credit card because the only
thing that's going to make it worse is
if they try to solve it and they solve
it unsuccessfully unsuccessful in
solving it. So anytime that if if let's
say that they knew in this case scenario
they knew about the uh patient turn and
the reviews that were happening but they
did not realize that the death count had
increased and the amount of lawsuits had
increased because the death count had
increased. when you find instead of
saying what do you not know or how is
that impacting you or what are the
ripple effects on your legal team I'm
like if you don't mind me asking how
many your your legal team how many
lawsuits have you had per year you know
prehistorically and I would go through
the numbers of like was there an
increase was there truly an increase as
they've had more patient volume and as
the parking was too um was too tight so
if I found one of those and then I also
found death count had risen all of a
sudden not only have I grown the size of
the problem of what they're, you know,
and what they're willing to spend, blah
blah blah, but I've also grown my
credibility and they're I've decreased
their fear that they're not going to be
successful in solving because if I have
the expertise to find the legal thing,
then they're number one on my team,
they're after the same thing that I'm
after. Number two, but number three,
they're an asset.
I'm not likable. I haven't lost a
competitive deal.
Explain that.
I don't hang out with people afterwards.
I'm an introvert. We all know that. We,
you know, y'all have been really nice
with me. You know about it. I I'm an
introvert. You know, I don't like to
party. People don't like me to come to
parties. I don't drink. I don't know how
to dance. I don't like to talk about
stuff that's not work. Like, who wants
that at a party? And I haven't lost a
competitive deal because it's not about
likability. It's about did I find you
know that thing that they didn't know
about and decrease their fear that
they're like okay I like Brendan
but
you know JF Frank found you know three
you know Kirsten Beck you know found
three things that I didn't know so I
think it's fiscally irresponsible to go
with Brendan even though I like him. So
anyh who I'd be measuring all those in
terms of the AE accountability. Okay
let's jump into the next one. I'm going
to start comboing here because I'm not
going to make this an hour and a half.
Okay. Deal stage criteria that's not
included that should be mandatory and
then deal stage criteria that's usually
inquired uh required but unnecessary.
Okay. So deal stage criteria the most
important thing. It's so interesting to
me that conversion is measured. I it's
not that it's measured it's how it's
measured and that people still continue
to measure it.
It depends on your entry point
conversion to close one. So if I said um
you know let's say in this track
instance that one person is way back 100
meters back and I want to understand how
many of them cross the line
and then another person is 100 meters
closer and I want to understand what
would the conversion was of people that
cross the line both within under 60
seconds.
Well, the person way back here is going
to be less. And that is why deal stage
criteria makes no freaking sense
because we're measuring of when did the
AE say it was qualified
accepted as SAL
into closed one. So they have an
inherent
like motive
to say something wasn't qualified
number one versus it was because they
know that they're measured on how many
convert.
Number two,
if I was asking them what's qualified,
I'm going to get their version, even if
they're being honest, on what's
qualified.
And the main criteria that I hear are
budget,
I'm gonna vomit, need,
timeline,
decision-making power.
But the budget is dependent upon how
many unknowns did you find in this or
the size of the problem, which is
dependent upon how many unknowns did you
find. I'll spend $100 for a problem
that's $100. They came in with a problem
that was $50. seller's job is to, you
know, validate that this problem
actually exists. Maybe only half of it
does, so it brings you down to 25. But
they found four other ones which were
worth 80 a piece. So all of a sudden,
you're up to a $345 problem. Why?
Because the seller entered the equation.
So in the amount of timeline that that
that they'll um that they want to do it
in, how quickly did I want to buy a car
with snow tires? Never. I not quickly at
all, Brendan.
But then when she found an unknown, I'm
like, today I need them right now. So
all of those bank criteria, all the all
of the um if if you're asking a rep, was
this qualified? The one that kills me is
need.
I'm like, what do you mean by need?
Because most people talk about solution.
They're like, well, they need my sales
engagement plan, you know, or whatever
it is. It's the what problem needs to be
solved and what's the urgency behind
that? Which again is created by the
seller. So, the problem that I have with
asking a seller, is this qualified,
especially according to that criteria
is you're like, "No, this person doesn't
have enough money, but the person does
have money. they're just not going to
spend it because the problem's not big
enough, but they actually have a
grueling problem they didn't know about.
And you're asking the seller to convert,
they're like not qualified,
right? So, it depends on your starting
point. If you want to measure
conversion, you have to make it
objective of your starting point.
What I mean by that is you can't ask the
seller subjective questions and you
can't leave it up to really the seller
at all in my opinion. Sorry guys, you
can't leave it up to the seller's
opinion. So what it should be measured
on is
it and you can play with this criteria.
I don't even like bringing up this
criteria, but I I you know, I understand
that it's it's where a lot of people are
going to be at is like if you want to
measure level of title, let's say, of of
the the decision-making power,
um then you would have to pick the I
would say was it direct was it manager
level and above for these five buyer
personas
and if there's criteria that prov
prevents them from being able to sell
into someone like they don't have the
right integration
or we sell sales training and uh they
only speak French and I'm like I can't
train in French. Sorry,
I cannot train in French. Right? So
that's unqualified. Why? Because I
physically cannot service them. I cannot
sell to them. So when I'm thinking of
the deal stage criteria that doesn't
matter that most people think does is
they're like budget, need, urgency,
timeline, authority, access,
decision-making power. That's what
doesn't matter. What does matter is how
many unknowns have I found? If I have
not found any, it does not matter how
pre-baked qualified they came in and
came in. I've done nothing to help that.
I've only done things to hurt it at that
at that um uh point in time because
there might be a seller on the other
side who's actually able to do that
who's a that's one of the competitors.
Plus, you've lengthened out and you
you've lengthe lengthened out the time
and reassured to them that you're not
going to be able to be helpful in terms
of them being able to solve the problem.
So the deal stage criteria I would not
be think I would remove from your
vocabulary are budget, authority, need
and timeline. People are going to scour
me online but I'm like you got to get
rid of them all. It does not mean
you know I've seen a a lot of people say
if we can get people into deal uh stage
two then we have a 90% conversion rate
then into close once. They're like so
the goal is we need to get people into
stage two. And I'm like that is not how
statistics work. So they try to get
everyone into stage two and then
magically instead of everyone closing
just their uh conversion number from
stage two into close one dramatically
drops. Why? Because they thought that
the goal was to get people into stage
two. It is correlation not causation.
So when I'm thinking about each one of
these deal stages, I mean you're talking
about negotiation, proposal stage, you
know, etc., etc. I don't think that
those have a lot of inherent value. I
think it's interesting whenever you're
to to know when they're in negotiation
phase, but the phases that I would have
is is uh pre-discovery. They've set a
meeting and they uh they haven't set a
meeting obviously would be from from the
contact perspective just a a contact.
But if they set a meeting
and then this a second stage would be um
uh did they uh essentially a
qualification metric of did they show up
to the meeting and did they hit this
objective minimum criteria. If you want
to put level of title in there then it's
like director level of above and an
employee size company of 200 employees
plus if they showed up they were
qualified. Here's something that I would
also include a swing gate on the back
end that the AE has to confirm these
fields at within 24 hours of the call
ending or it's automatically qualified.
There is a huge fight going on between
SDRs and AEES over what's qualified and
not qualified. And I understand why the
fight's happening of I only want to put
things in my pipeline selfishly if I
think they're going to close. That's not
a measure of ability of the rep. That is
a measure of their forecasting ability,
which is how it's being used. If you
want to see how correctly someone can
forecast, just go to to look what they
have said is qualified in their
pipeline, right? Because they're not
forecasting what's qualified or they're
not putting in there what's qualified.
They're putting in there what they think
will close, you know, which is not one
of the same thing. What a good
conversion metric should measure is your
ability. So that needs to include all SW
at bats. So I would put a minimum
criteria of if you want to do title
again you're like manager level and
above it has to be at at these and it
has to be something that the SDR could
have called ahead of time. You can't
tell if they are the decision maker. You
can tell if they're director level of
sales operations for instance. So, it
needs to be hard criteria of like the
STR's job is to book 500
employees or more that have uh director
level uh and above of accounting,
finance, and operations. So, if the SDR
books someone and it's only a 100
employees, then okay, it's DQ. The SDR
doesn't get credit. But if that person
shows up and it's a director level and
above and it's 500 company and above, uh
then uh they get credit. So the AE's job
should only be to confirm a couple of
things. Confirm that they were director
level and confirm that this this
employee count was uh you know above a a
certain marker and confirm that they
showed up. That's all they should be
include. That's the only say that they
should have in it. Think about if uh at
bats for batters in baseball, if after
the pitch they swung at it and they
either hit it or didn't hit it, that
they could call whether it counted as a
pitch.
Any pitch that they missed, they would
be like doesn't count. If they were
smart and that's what's happening today,
if you don't have that, you're basically
nothing.
That's biggest mistake that I see is
that not being objective data point.
And you'll see in the Slack channels,
it's like the closed loss reason is uh
they went dark. Very passive. They went
dark. I'm like, no, no, no. You did
something or didn't do something and
that's why they went dark, you know? So
close lost reasons should be very finite
of like they didn't have this actual
criteria that prevents me from selling
into them or it's you messed up period
that's all it is one of the things I
would look at is for each stage and for
each buyer how many unknowns did I find
so it will help you understand what is
one of the things that I could change to
alleviate the situation but that is the
criteria bay okay so that helps that's
uh lap three and four. So, um,
yeah. Okay, let's quickly go into lap
five. Overlooked forecasting criteria
that usually predicts the likelihood of
close.
We've hit it hard, but I'm going to hit
hit it one more time. The overlooked
forecasting criteria, what you should be
forecasting on is the size of the impact
versus the size of the business problem
and root cause and how immediate it is.
the proximity of it
and so I mean and you should be looking
at it of like the forecast criteria I'm
looking at within CRM is like well how
high is the impact you how big is the
impact you know persona vertical and
horizontal and then how big is the
business problem if the business problem
is huge and the impact is small I would
forecast low I'm like it's probably not
going to happen so I would keep those in
mind and then the other thing I would
keep in mind is how many unknowns have I
found. How big were they? How close are
they? How immediate, how quickly did I
find them? How impactful were they? And
how much material did I send over in the
meantime to help them solve this without
me? That's what I would like uh be
looking at from the forecasting
perspective. If I haven't found those, I
would still forecast low because I think
that they might do something about it.
But the thing that's going to gobble
them up is fear.
you know, Allah indecision, Allah jolt
effect is fear that they have outcome
uncertainty. So the problem might be big
enough, the impact is high enough, the
business problem is is is low enough,
you know, in in relationship to it, but
they're afraid that they're not going to
be able to do it. So they're just going
to be worse off if they try.
So, if you don't ha have any unknowns
that you found, number one, I would be
uh I would forecast low because um it
would impact my my forecast in a quote
unquote negative way in terms of how
likely it is to close because I think
that they might be gobbled up by fear.
And even if they aren't gobbled up by
fear, I think that they might uh go to
another competitor or they might, you
know, who knows what who they're going
to pick. Why? because I didn't do the
things that I needed to do to make them
sure that they should pick me because I
didn't find any unknowns, right? So, if
then you're just down to a price for. So
the thing that I would always that is
always overlooked always overlooked is
the one thing that can combat deal
slippage
uh people you know ghosting you people
getting too afraid that they won't be
able to do it extended timelines you
know competitive uh competitors coming
into the deal them playing tough guy on
pricing them holding back information
all of that can be alleviated by one one
freaking action and that is finding
unknowns so the thing that I would
certainly look at is those two in
relationship to each other. If the
business problem is is you know higher
up in the scale in relationship to the
impact then I'd say I would forecast low
you know um but if and but if the
unknowns are high then I would increase
the forecast. So I if I do anything well
I would say people say I'm a shallow
forecaster meaning I'm like it's not
going to happen. Usually I'm dead on.
Like I 97% of the time I'm I'm pretty
close to of what's what's going to
happen is going to happen because I'm
keeping in mind all the different
variables on um you know of of of what
could be involved or what something in
execution happens versus in our heads
and our our our minds. So I think that
I'm a little overexerting in terms of
you know I've got a tinfoil hat on but
usually the numbers line you know end up
lining up in the end. So, I would just
say keep in your in your head that the
the only dragon is not that they have
digitally filled in the business
problem. That means nothing. It means
that you didn't cut them off. Maybe it
actually can mean a negative thing that
you went after that information at their
expense. Meaning, they know why you're
going after that information is just to
sell them. What does mean something is
if the impact is high enough, if the
impact is close enough, if the impact is
high enough in regards to the business
in relationship to the business problem.
And if you found enough unknowns, if you
didn't find any unknowns, all of that
math might work, but you it's still it's
if if they go with you, it's luck. It's
complete luck. And it's something that
they decided, not you. You had it had
nothing to do with it. Absolutely
nothing to do with it. If you weren't
finding unknowns, not only your order
taker, in my opinion, it there, you
know, there is no point for the role. It
could have been an email. The whole
thing could have been an email and they
would have preferred it that way. So
that is a deal slippage. Uh that is the
forecasting criteria that is always
overlooked that I would always include
is uh amount of unknowns they found and
then in relationship to each other. How
big is the impact versus the business
problem root cause and excuse me tax
problem that need to be solved. Okay,
lap six men then we'll close.
Okay, last last lap, then we'll close
because I got to go to Jamaica. We got a
bobsled team, y'all. I'm gonna miss you.
Every every night I I look up, you know,
you going back and forth with men. I'M
LIKE, THEY'RE HAVING FUN IN THERE.
I like you, too, Kirsten.
I'm gonna miss y'all. I really am. Like,
I'm Look at like my eyes are starting.
Okay, I'm not going to talk about this
because I'm just going to start to get
emotional. I've had a lot of fun. Y'all
have made this process a lot of fun.
Really, you have made this process a lot
of like a lot of fun. I mean, just
seeing y'all go back and forth with each
other and um it's just it really has
felt like a community. It has been an
insane gift to me is what I'm trying to
say. I don't have many emotions, but
this is is one of them. I was talking to
men about it last night. I was like
they, you know, I'm like, it's just been
really cool to see how everyone's um
showed up and giving me time on the on
the weekend and um I don't know, it's
just been a really fun process for me.
So, I I am very thankful for everyone.
Kirstson, Robert, Jay, Frank, time and
time again showing up. Okay, last uh
last lap. Signs of deal sli slippage and
what to measure uh before it's too late.
Um signs of deal slippage is
or the thing that I would measure. Um,
well, this is a side note, but anytime
someone's saying nice words to you,
you're in trouble.
They're like, you're an amazing company.
You're such an amazing vendor. I was
watching Love is Blind last night. I'm
like, I should put this on to see it.
Afterwami season, there was just no good
seasons. Actually, this season is kind
of heating up. But point being, you
know, someone's going into a breakup and
I can tell because they're like, "You're
an amazing person." I'm like, "Where's
the butt?" And it was a however. I'm
like, "However, whatever." Same thing.
And then there was a breakup. So,
anytime that they are gassing you up, it
is um or saying things that you want to
hear. It's an increased, you know, uh
sign of deal slippage. Anytime that
there is, I would say, well, let me go
into the thing that you can do to combat
it.
The one thing you can do to combat it,
there is not necessarily a correlation
on someone goes dark for a little bit
because it might be they're going dark
getting things done. You can't get
access to that information.
The only thing that you can do is do
what you need to do to make the math the
best case scenario in the back end at
the water cooler that you're not at. in
my opinion. So finding unknowns is one,
but the second is sending them value
according to those unknowns or other
different pieces of value along the way.
The magic erase marker for ghosting is
to send them an article and be like,
"Hey, I saw this article the other day."
And it has to be specific to them.
So I had this this rep that I was
working with and I was like, "Well,
let's send it send him a rep." And he
had been like, "Yeah, I really got to
know him well." Blah, blah, blah. Ask
questions, blah, blah. I'm like, "I
don't care about the self this
information." He was like, he was like,
"Um," and I was like, "Well, we need to
send them an article." He was like, "Got
it. On what?" And I'm like, "Well, it
depends." Okay. So, what are the things
that they talked about on the discovery
call? Because you did, you know, I know
that you don't have a recorded. And he
was like, "Uh, well, I talked about my
product." I'm like, "Brendan,
you're you're it's a tossup. If they go
with you, it's it's for luck."
you know, if you don't even know what
content to send them because they didn't
even talk.
So, the more specific to them, the
better. The more um yeah, that you can
really help people in one of two ways.
Either the value of the thing or the
sentimental value and the specificity of
something. My mom spends a lot of time
thinking about her gifts for me.
Sometimes where I'm like, Mimi, every
single time she gives me a gift, it like
makes me cry because of how specific it
is, you know? So I would think about if
it something that it can hurt uh hurt
increase deal slippage is well number
one not finding any unknowns
number two if you're not sending them
any value in between meaning they should
be used to two things that they get
value on every call and that you send
them value in between. And then the
third one and then we are going to
close. The third one that is very
important that is annoying to me that
it's important but it is important
nonetheless is how quickly you follow up
with how many resources you follow up
follow up with and so on and so forth. I
know someone um who essentially made a
promise and market the other day. They
were like, "We're going to do this
within an hour."
And I got some spicy spicy feedback from
someone
who was like, "They never even jumped on
the line." And this is like the 15th
time that they've done that. That person
has a lot of credibility from the
perspective of they're smart, they know
what they're doing, but they never show
up and do what they say they're going to
do, right? They cancel a lot. So, that
can hurt you.
unbelievable amounts especially in the
discovery process because it's a micro
communication to them of what it's like
in the best case scenario to work with
you. So I would keep that in mind you
know in terms of how quickly do you
follow up if you say that you're going
to get a prop proposal to them by end of
day how do you you know how detailed is
it how much data how much materials do
you include in it that is going to be
something that's going to be huge around
deal slippage. So if you haven't talked
to the buyer in a very long time and you
also haven't sent value to them in a
very long time, you know, I would say
it's at high risk. The other thing is if
I have added decision makers, uh
something I would measure if there are
added decision makers that are put in
the deal last minute and I don't hear
about them from my main decision maker
before, like the person that I know
doesn't give me a heads up when I go
into that meeting that there's going to
be other people on the call, I would say
the deal's at risk. Period. if new
people show up and you might take it as
a good sign. Oh, it's great CMO's here.
Yeah. I'm like, but they didn't prep
you, which means they either don't think
that you're going to win it or number
two, they like they don't think you're
on their team, so they don't want to
give you the the upper hand. Like you're
not on their team. You're not on their
side. You're not their advocate. So,
they don't care what happens to you. You
know, they're like, "Well, the Simo's
going to jump on. We'll see how they
pivot kind of thing." So I would look at
numbers of time that people have been
added to calls where I wasn't given a
warning. The amount of details that they
have given me during the buying process
as it's going along. I mean a lot of
buyers have showed me and I'm like take
it down. They're like here's your
competitor's pricing. I'm like okay hugs
for the educ thank you
from an ethical moral view. I'm like you
know I look a little a little bit but
they just want to give me all the
details. Why? I would think it's because
I'm on their team and they know it,
right? So, the amount of details that
they're willing to share and that they
are sharing, how much they have your
back, how much they're like texting is a
good sign. You know, are you on a text
basis with them or naturally I wouldn't
go after it if you you just aren't
there, you know, naturally speaking, are
you on a text basis? H, you know, how
many meetings did they ask for? How many
meetings do they actually extend over
the allotted time? all indicators of if
you don't have any of those, meaning
that they're like, I have a hard stop at
the top of the hour and then their hard
stop is their hard stop and you don't
really follow up and you show up into
the next call and there's three other
decision makers there. The nent rep will
get excited. They're like, "Awesome.
These are all the people I need." And
I'm like, "Yes,
but these are all also all the people
you should kiss their butts goodbye
because they're not going to close."
meaning if you found out all of that
information, it's because they don't
trust you to some regard. Your ability,
you're not on their team, something is
going wrong. So, anytime any of that is
happening and the amount of objections
that I'm getting. So, I haven't had an
objection thankfully in a quite a long
time. Um, but I got one,
what was the first year? I 2023 I got
one
that Yeah, that's when I moved to
France. So, it was like November 2023.
And when the person gave me the
objection, I was like, they're like, I
know you want me to go to this higher
price bucket. And I was like, no, that's
not what I was saying. And um I haven't
had enough value because if I had, then
they wouldn't have thought that. They
wouldn't have thought that I was going
that direction. So I think about all
those things when I'm thinking about the
deal. The more information they're
giving you, I'll close with this. I had
someone ask me online um yesterday, what
if the buyer's getting off track? And I
was like
the track that you should be on is
diagnosing.
So
technically they could get off track of
like they're not answering your
information. But what I hear when I hear
that question is the track that you're
trying to get them on is to buy and
they're getting off track with their
nonsense about what they need to solve.
There is nothing that's too small for my
buyer to tell me. I want that to be the
relationship because yes, they're going
to tell me some stuff that doesn't
matter sometime, who cares there. Like
if they if they're going to not tell me
this bucket of information or they're
going to tell me this bucket of
information, but 20% of it I didn't
couldn't use to help them, who cares?
Give me the the whole bucket kind of
thing. So I I want to cause a
relationship and forge a relationship
that's based on trust, you know, not
only from an agenda perspective, but
also from an ability perspective. Um, so
we're viewing, you know, the the world
according to the buyer's terms. They
want to solve problems. We want to help
them solve problems, too. So we're both
on the same team so we can cross that
line together. Neither one of us are off
track
together.
>> That's it. Thank you so much for
watching. That is day 16.
Jamaica. We got Is that Italy? That's
got to be Italy. That is where I'm
driving right now. So, I'm going to get
in a car and I'm going to go out to
Cortina because tomorrow morning is
bobsled. So, you have to drive there the
night before. Um, so I'm going to go to
Bob Sled.
I love Cool Runnings. I I love Cool
Running. So, I'm actually really excited
about it. So, as a reminder, and then
I'll have everyone go. As a reminder, no
session tomorrow. I'll be posting some
videos online of closing ceremonies and
um of uh bobsled
and uh and then we are going to do the
closing out on Monday where we're going
to have a medal ceremony and we're going
to cheesy we're going to have a medal
ceremony and we're going to do a rehash
of all of the topics all together and
the key learnings understanding you know
things that um you hypothetically could
could take away from this series. So,
we're going to distill all of that down
into a compressed format and uh and also
go into if you want to make the jump
from SDR to AE SMB AE to enterprise AE
or from um uh AE to manager basically
SDR manager SDR into SDR leader how you
can effectively do that and then we're
going to do um a closing medal ceremony.
So, thank you so much. I'm going to miss
y'all tomorrow, but I will see you on
Monday
and tune in to Bobsled and Google the
Polish girl. Poor girl.
Yeah, and it was our illegal lane
change, too. But anyh who, so I will I'm
going to use my turn signal. So, I'm
going to use my turn signal. So, I'm
going to be staying out in Cortina
tonight. That's why I'm I'm I um you
know, driving out there tonight so I
don't have to Yes, I will drive cool.
I'll keep a levelheaded. I have been
getting more Italian in my driving. I I
have noticed that for sure. This has
been coming out uh quite a bit. So, I
will see y'all on Monday. Thank you so
much for coming today. Happy Saturday.
And I will see you Yeah. See you in a
couple days. Ciao, y'all.
