Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "qufa3xRf_mk",
  "title": "The 2026 Cold (Outreach) Olympics: Day 15",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qufa3xRf_mk",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Hello. Hello everyone. Look at that guy
popping up.
Good morning, good afternoon, good
night. Happy Friday. Good Kirsten. I did
see that's something I didn't know. I
didn't know it was Friday.
Welcome everyone. Ciao. Bonjouroeni.
I'm back. We're going to be jumping into
an I mean, it's good to be here this
day. It is good to be here this day,
Robert. It's Friday. It's good to be
alive this day. It's Friday, not Friday
the 13th, which is great.
Did anything creepy happen to anyone on
Friday the 13th? I forgot to ask. Anyone
creepy anything creepy or or uh did
anyone plant any like fake bats or fake
spiders in your in your closet on Friday
the 13th?
Look at that little kid. Man, we are
zooming through here. We are Let's see.
We have one Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Three more days of the Olympics left. I
can't believe that we're coming here to
a close. So, I'm still going back and
forth on whether I should go to bobsled
and whether I should go to closing
ceremonies. So, y'all are going to have
to help me out and let me know if I
should go to I've been talking to men
about it. I'm like, do I have the
strength to drive out to Cortina Cortina
again? So, there's only bobsled, fourman
bobsled on one day and that is uh coming
up on Friday. We're or sorry coming up
on Sunday. It's the same day as closing
ceremonies and uh it's happening earlier
in the day from 10:00 a.m. until 1:10
p.m. And then later that day at 8:00
p.m. is closing ceremonies over in
Verona which Verona is probably about an
hour and a half two hours from Milan.
And then um Bob Sled is about 4 hours
and four minutes about from uh from
Milan. So y'all have to let me know if
people are interested in that. If you
like bobsled, if you want me to go and
take a video of Bob Sled. Honestly, when
I was growing up, I don't know if has
anyone, if you can jump in the chat,
seen the movie Cool Runnings. When I
asked men about it, men had not, which
made me feel so old. So old. But if
anyone has seen Cool Runnings, uh the
story behind it actually is real. It
happened in 1988, I believe. Um so, uh
you know, where Jamaica had the first uh
bob sled team. So I want to see if
everyone's seen cool running such an
epic film. Anyho, okay. So why don't we
go ahead and jump into the topic for
today. So our topic for today is going
to be how to coach, train, and build a
lethal SDR team. So
this is going to be focused on yesterday
we were more focused on how do you coach
and train AES? What do you look for in
discovery? What do you look forward to
get them progressing in terms of their
discovery skills? Full disclosure,
someone asked a question in the chat or
um on one of my posts yesterday. They're
like, "What if your prospects getting
off track and I answered it for five
comments long?" Five comments long. So,
if you you want to know more about
asking discovery questions, go to my
most recent post where I buried someone
in the comment. Uh I'm quite quite old
enough to know about that movie. See,
Kirsten, you're my people.
such a good movie that and um what's the
one uh Mrs. Doubtfire came out along
around the same time and so I remember
watching those when I whenever I was
little. Um so today is more so on the
SDR front. What are the pitfalls? What
are the three things that damage SDRs?
Um meaning from a short long term. So,
it's much less about just specifically
the topic of coaching, but how do I
really build an entire team and how do I
manage the team? I haven't seen that
movie, but I live through the stories in
the paper at the time. Robert, you're
the real gold medal. You're the real
gold medal. So, here's the thing,
Robert. I don't want to men old
constantly just by existing. So, I'm
going to make you feel a little a little
old. Well, maybe I will. I was two at
the time. So I was two in 19 uh 1988
when it when it happened. So I was just
just starting to uh I don't know
starting to crawl or or walk at that
time. But um when the movie came out I
was certainly like front and center. I
remember watching it like a hundred
times. So anyh who okay let's jump into
the first topic today. So I wanted to
first start off with um the biggest
pitfalls to watch out for when it comes
to SDRs. So, this is managing as a team
and as you're building um building a
team of what what are some of the things
that the SDRs are going to run into?
What are some of the biggest things that
they're going to do and some of the
biggest things they're going to say that
might um might draw uh away from the
overall success um of themselves and of
the team around them. So, the biggest
pitfalls for SDR number one is well,
we're going to get into list building,
but some of these are fair and some of
these are not fair. meaning some of
these they have credence for for um what
they're saying and some of them are uh
kind of more self-induced. So the first
one that's fair is list building.
So list building is one of the hardest
exercises for SDRs. It's one of the most
timeconuming exercises for SDRs. And
what I mean by that is just finding the
right person, the right time, the right
organization, making sure they're still
at the company, making sure they're
within territory, making sure that they
have the right email address, and that
they have the right direct dial number
if it's if you're going to um if they
have a number that it's a direct dial
number. That is a really difficult
exercise. It s it sucks up anywhere from
on the minimum end of 25% upwards of
I've seen as high as 55 and 60% of just
list cleaning. So this can come down to
a lot of things of list cleaning from um
list building and list cleaning from the
CRM meaning they're just assigned some
accounts and they have to go through
that. I also can mean list cleaning in
terms of when they're choosing accounts.
So, I kind of had a system in the past
where I assigned to reps 50 accounts,
but if they wanted to um own other
accounts, they could switch other
accounts out of their name and switch
new accounts in their name uh if they
weren't owned by somebody else. So, just
finding the right accounts and right
accounts meaning they're a good fit,
they understand um they're good fit from
a problem perspective. um from what you
can tell from the exterior is going to
be a huge problem especially when the
lists are coming from marketing. So
marketing a lot of times will send over
they'll dictate that content downloads
for instance is an MQL. So they'll send
over all the list of people who
downloaded content, you know, as MQLs
and um and the STR, you know, they have
to either go through it for the entire
group as just one individual or they
have to go through their own specific
list, but they have to clean out, you
know, dduplicate, they have to
dduplicate, meaning sometime there's two
people that are mentioned in there that
are the exact same person. You know, a
lot of time they're not at the right
company. A lot of the time they're not
at the right role. a lot of times
they're not they used to be at the right
company but now they're not at the right
company because they've already um done
some executive turn. So that can be a
huge
area of time waste number one but number
two a huge area where you can come in as
a leader and you can help them out. So
if someone has to clean a list, not only
is it going to slow them down and waste
the time quote quote unquote, and that's
going to hit them in terms of quota,
it's going to disable them from
essentially calling on the leads that
they need within real time. So a lot of
these these leads are timesensitive,
meaning people who downloaded content or
took some type of trigger event. So in
this case scenario, it's going to
prevent them from reaching out to them
in a timely ma manner and certainly in
time in terms of uh how quickly they
need to reach out to get the optimal
response to the prospect. So that's the
first one. The second one that I would
group that's a time suck or a pitfall
for SDRs is prospecting is a grind. And
so they look to other avenues to say
that they're working or say that they're
actually doing it without actually doing
it.
So an example would be they like to
onboard new reps or they like to build
out the sales enablement program, you
know, or they like to build out things
with you, you know, as a leader or like
help assign territories or train new
people that are coming on, which is all
fine and good. And a lot of leaders lean
in there because they want for the rep
to feel um you know accomplished like
they're part of something like they're
building towards something like they're
learning a new skill and they're
becoming a leader. But it can not only
be a time suck from the um the the
actual uh timing perspective. But the
other piece that it introduces is
sometimes if reps are helping with those
kinds of activities, meaning they're
helping you build out territories or
they're helping you train some new
oncoming STRs. At the end of the
quarter, whenever they're not hitting
their quota, they'll point to that. So
they'll say, "Well, I couldn't hit my
quota here this month because, you know,
I was too busy helping with the
onboarding program." And to some degree,
they're right, but really it's the
excuse, in my opinion, it's the excuse
that they that they want. Sorry, STR.
Sorry, SDRs. They're looking to do the
the easy fun stuff that can help give
them a reason of why they're not hitting
quota without actually having to take
the brunt of the responsibility for not
hitting quota. So, I try to save my STRs
from anything from a time perspective so
that it it not only doesn't take away
their time and their attention, but also
because it doesn't it so that it doesn't
leave them with almost a reason of why
they couldn't do it and why they
couldn't execute on their number. So,
that's going to be the biggest second um
pitfall or thing that that SDRs are
going to run into. The third thing that
SDRs are going to run into that's a big
pitfall uh of their time is y'all are
going to laugh at this. You're probably
going to laugh at this. I think y'all
know what this is.
Actually
the third biggest pitfall and these are
not ranked in order by the way maybe
this is number one is uh for STRs is
social media
both show social media it's an awkward
place to be saying that even though it's
on social media uh sorry my lips are
chapped because apparently winter
weather
is not a fan of fact. So point being um
social media is one of the biggest time
sucks I would argue for anyone including
you know SDRs account executive everyone
alike because it makes you feel like
you're a part of a conversation or like
you're working when often you're you're
not. So
in general I have seen and I'm just
going to put this out there because you
know my I because of VPNs I'm suppressed
anyway. I'm shadow shadowbanned anyway
on LinkedIn. Um, I've seen a decrease in
the quality of content in terms of
how work focused the content is on
LinkedIn and how day in the lifey the
content is focused on LinkedIn. And I
don't often see too many really deep
meaty topics that are about the role or
about the the the persona versus are
about, you know, I just made this new
hire or I just made this new jump or
here's a day in my life and and and
that's all fine and good. I don't mind
Instagram. I don't mind Facebook and all
of that. And I I don't mind that every
once in a while on LinkedIn, but I have
seen a turn a very aggressive turn away
from actual work topics into more social
topics. Social media, even if it's
LinkedIn, can be an exorbitant waste of
time for SDRs because it's easy and it
makes them feel like they're working
whenever they're not actually working.
So, none of my top performers have ever
been had a personal brand and none of
the people that I know that have a
personal brand have ever been top
performers, meaning they were outrun by
by someone at their organization. Now,
there's a couple of older ones that have
said, "Well, Beck, I was a top
performer." I'm like, "Yeah, but you
worked at like Xerox,
like 20 years ago, and that's a
different day in the age than it it is
today." So, when people are posting,
it's a lot of work. When people are um
making cold calls, it's a lot of work.
And so it can make people feel like
because they were work because they did
work that it was work when it's not. So
generally speaking even if they they
bring in meetings from personal branding
people bring at meetings from personal
branding. Their meetings are outside of
ICP. They don't hit the company or
they're not assigned to the person and
but they get a lot of validation from
it. They get a lot of likes. They get a
lot of clicks. They get a lot of, you
know, webinar offers and hey, will you
come and talk to my, you know, SDR team
or yada yada yada, which is all fine and
good, but it takes a huge uh toll on the
SDR and it also it it pigeon holes her
career into sales tech in specific and
that it also takes heat off of the one
thing that's going to help them actually
hit quota, which is uh focusing on that,
making the cold calls, making sending
the actual emails and focusing their
efforts on developing their craft. I and
people have said before, well Beck,
don't you have a personal brand? I'm
like, well, I don't because a personal
brand is you're focusing on it, which
I'm never doing. Truly, statistically
never doing um with with my day. I spend
0% of my time thinking about that, you
know, the brand image. But the the
second thing is I developed a long like
I got kicked in the teeth for year after
year after year after year after year as
a rep to develop some level of, you
know, knowhow in terms of the phone. I
would hope uh in terms of cold call in
terms of discovery call that I've then
used and leveraged to um build out like
build out more training material u for
others just so they could have it for
free regardless whether they worked with
me or not. If I didn't have that intro
period where I learned I wouldn't have
anything really to talk about. So it can
be a really slippery slope. But I'd say
the third biggest bucket or pitfall for
SDRs is believing the complete lie that
personal branding is an effective idea
and will get you to the next stage in
your career that you're just one click
away. You know it that you just have to
focus on it and it'll make you great at
your you know your wildest dreams
instead of focusing on the craft and
getting better
gold medal back Friday. She comes in
with the gold.
I hit that hit that timing metal. So,
anything that makes you
kind of feel like you're work like work
adjacent topics.
You can be at the office and googling
Olympics
for instance. It doesn't mean anything
that you're in the actual office and you
can be during work hours and talking
about, you know, work topics and not be
actually working to me. And this is the
last thing I'm going to say on it. We
don't really know where this influencer
thing is going to turn out, how it's
going to turn out.
Meaning, you know, it's working now.
Some people have, you know, influencer
brands and which is, you know, ain't no
shame or blame in it. My fear for those
people is if all of this goes away,
hypothetically, let's say that LinkedIn
were depleted tomorrow, deleted tomorrow
and social media and Instagram and
Facebook and all that stuff. What are
you left with from the core skill
perspective? That's what I would be
worried about. Do I actually know how to
cold call? Do I actually know how to
cold email? Do I actually know how to
sell? Do I actually know how to market?
Because if all if push comes to shove
and things change and you are quote
unquote reduced to that, I would be
worried at that point that there is no
core skill other than talking about
personal brand and increasing those
numbers. So, it's a huge pitfall for
SDRs, especially because it's so hard,
especially because they see others of
their peers doing it. And really, we
haven't seen we we haven't seen the
whole thing play out. It's kind of like,
you know, everyone's taking Ozmpic, you
know, now nowadays, we don't know what
the effects effects of that are on our
body long term. We just don't yet. So
until that kind of plays itself out and
until people see the careers of the the
careers and career directions of the
people that were doing it very heavily,
you don't really know what the effects
of it are going to be. So I would just
be really nervous about that that
there's no core skill actually being
developed. You don't aren't actually
becoming better at cold calling. You
aren't actually coming better at cold
email by logging on on social media. So
I'd just be thinking about that.
Daniel Priestley has some very
interesting takes on personal brand. one
thing about his focus on person of
influence that the person or person's
brand needs to be more recognizable than
the brand itself maybe. Yeah. So here's
the thing I I don't have many thoughts
on personal brand other than I think
it's a complete waste of time.
companies if they subsume the great
upside of your personal brand like
companies a lot of times like it
specifically tech companies specifically
sales tech companies because you are a
free advertising agent that it's great
to work there for them right but that in
the long term doesn't do you any good
and it kind of teases you into this game
of like oh well we can do a paid post
you know and then people get addicted to
that side money I almost view it as like
the bartending of the um sales or the
business world of like you know I was a
bartender back in the day and you make
some good cash like you know Friday
Saturday night I made upwards of you
know I would ring in $600 in tips some
nights right in my very very early uh
20s you know this was right when I long
long story but point being you can make
some good money however and you're
thinking you're like $600 in a night
that's a lot of money but then as you
age to your late 20s and your early 30s
and your late 30s and your early 40s.
There's a lot of nights that aren't
$600, number one, that aren't
consistent. And number two, it's all on
weekends and it's really hard on your
body. And when you figure all that out
is when you're like 40 or 45 and then
it's kind of too late. Meaning, you'd
have to go all the way back to school at
that point. It's not cool at that point.
You know, you're going to have to be
hanging out with a bunch of 25 year
olds, you know, who are getting their
their degrees. And so it can be a really
slippery slope personal brand and people
I feel like don't feel the uh don't see
the effects of it until till too late.
So it's just something to mention. Okay,
let's go into lot two.
U now that we're past pitfalls. By the
way, I'm going to short track tonight.
By far the most exciting Olympics event
I I would for sure for the Winter
Olympics, but I might say with with all
Olympic events, short track, people are
screaming
screaming
for the person they're rooting for. So,
I would definitely turn in. It is by I
thought skeleton was going to be my
favorite, but for for sure short track
is my favorite. Um, okay. So, the second
lap is the three most damaging things
for SDRs. So those three um that I put
up there are uh deliverability,
data and then like data the quality of
your data and then decay. So we talked
about this a little bit but
deliverability is going to be let's
start there. So deliverability we've
talked about adnauseium so be relatively
short there. It's essentially your the
emails of the team are not lining up the
primary inbox of the um of the uh
alleged recipient of the person that
they're sending it to. So 59% on average
wind up on in the um primary inbox for
the recipient. Things that you can do
from a leadership perspective that I
would definitely suggest doing is uh
setting up DKIM, setting up demark,
setting up SPF, and setting up a custom
tracking link. So what is a custom
tracking link? Essentially what is
happening within sales engagement is um
if you're using a sales engagement
provider that's Tina from Cortina by the
way people are obsessed with her really
obsessed with her. So point being um
when you are when you sign on with a
sales engagement provider a lot of time
what they do is they loop uh link you
together and uh lump you in with other
customers from a common sending domain
and how you are measured as far as
deliverability in part is about about
your traits. So I kind of think of it
like whenever everyone in the office was
trying to lose weight as a team. So they
had to get on the scale and sometimes
their weight would go up even though
Kelly lost 10 pounds and was like
starving herself because like Kevin for
instance gained three pounds or gained
five pounds. So not only are you
measured as a team that's already hard
enough but you're measured if you don't
have a custom tracking link you're
measured on the behaviors of the other
customers that you are lumped in with
unfortunately. So a custom tracking link
is a way to basically decipher out that
your sending habits are only attributed
to you. You are are measured on your
sending habits alone. So that's
something that I would look at look into
demark SPF and uh DKIM are essentially
think of them like badges that are
promises or good signs to inbox service
providers that you are you have the
credentials and you know what's wrong
and what's not wrong essentially from
the from like the knowledge perspective.
So these are essentially marking to
inbox service providers that you um you
uh are doing what you need to be doing
to essentially uh stay within the realm
of healthy email sending practices. So
that's the first thing that I would
think about. If you don't have a custom
tracking link, it's kind of like if you
haven't seen it, then you probably don't
have it. Probably if you don't know
about it, you haven't heard about it.
That's very common. You probably don't
have it. So I would look into that as
the first thing. The second thing is
data. So I've seen meaning the quality
of data. So data in my opinion has a
spicy uh monopoly kind of on the the
industry. So what I mean by data is
people's email addresses and people's um
people's uh phone numbers. So it depends
on the industry depends on the buyer but
mostly I've seen around 20 uh 75% of
people don't have a direct dial in
there. Meaning it's going to be some
type of phone tree. it's going to be
sometime or maybe it's a non-listed
number but essentially 25% of people
actually have their number listed within
the the data provider and there's not a
lot you can do from the data perspective
other than I mean buy the best provider
and I would multi thread my my um
purchases meaning some I'm not going to
advocate for anyone uh here on this in
this episode number one because I don't
feel convicted about it excuse me number
two for me to recommend someone, it
means that it actually has to work.
Outreach is the best sales engagement
provider in the market. They just are
like they have been for a very long
time. That's why I partner with them,
right? So, and when it comes to data, it
it really can go back and forth on who's
better. I mean, that is just the honest
to god truth dependent upon the channel
and dependent upon, you know, uh who
you're calling into and what is the ICP,
who's better. I would suggest multi I
would suggest looking at multiple
options and introducing the idea of um
using multiple providers instead of just
one on when it comes to data. But there
is no silver bullet in terms of data
provider. There just isn't. I've looked
into all of them. I've looked into the
stats and uh there's not one that's just
exorbitantly better than the other. Uh
the third one that I think about is data
decay. So data quality is when you
upload it, what is the amount of email
addresses that are correct and uh what
are the amount of phone numbers that are
correct and what are the average number
of phone numbers that um phone numbers
that are actually direct dials versus uh
phone trees, meaning they're going to a
broadcast line or um uh you know almost
think of it like an an office phone. And
then uh how many people at the
organization are actually truly at that
organization. so on and so forth. Data
decay is over time after that initial
input of data how many people um how
much of it decays in a degree or in in a
way and like over time how much data be
was valid but becomes invalid based on a
change. So data decay by definition will
happen. It's kind of like saying you put
fruit out on the on the counter, it's
going to decay over time just period.
Just the the effects of, you know,
people changing organizations or people
changing email domains, it's going to
decay. It's just do I combat that amount
of decay so that I can have the most
up-to-date data as possible. So, a
couple things that you can do is when
you have people that are uh even if they
have a pre-existing email that's
registered with you, if when they try to
download content, etc., uh if you would
have them re-update their email, that
can really help with data decay. Um 3.6%
on average is the amount that it's going
to decay per month. So, and a vast
majority of their time, 42% of their
time of RUP's time can be spent on just
bad data alone. So, it's something that
I would think about in terms of a
strategy. You know, uh do you have your
emails enriched? Do you have an
enrichment service? Uh backfilling their
their email addresses and their phone
numbers and updating people. There are
several different executive churn um
companies that can help whenever a
person changes um organization. So a
great example of that is user gems. User
gems basically tracks when people go
from organization to organization. Let's
say that you worked with, you know, a
company with you that you worked with
outreach, for instance, and then someone
at Outreach went to another company that
you were interested in selling into. So,
what user gems essentially does is it
tracks that, it swaps in their accurate
email, and then it puts them in a
sequence if you have one, an outreach
sequence if you have one predetermined.
You would say, well, hypothetically,
can't I do that myself? Hypothetically
you could, but hypothetically like
you're not a robot. Meaning there's
thousands of people who go through that
change and people are going to make the
decision usually their tech decision
within the first 90 days. So it's all
about time and you know how quickly do I
get to the person, how quickly do I
reach out to the person because the
problem that they have is very uh very
time based. So, user gems is a way
essentially to not only get people into
sequences whenever they job change, but
also uh data hygiene is a huge um uh
value prop for them is how clean is the
data that I have within my CRM. So, I
would definitely within 2026, if you
don't have a data case strategy, if you
don't have a a deliverability strategy,
I would definitely look into one of what
are the prongs and how many things can I
do to basically fight this because it's
happening whether I like it or not.
Okay, so I'm done with the lab. Look at
that. Look at how speedy I am. So this
is not full disclosure. I'm not lying
about bobsled. This is one man bobsled.
Monob is what they call it. Yeah. So
this is one man bobsled. So but the
fourman bobsled is going to be coming up
on on Sunday. So they do monob today and
then they do uh dual bob tomorrow and
then they have the cat the fourman bob
on uh on Sunday. But that is the um
that's the same basically stadium in
Cortina that they had um skeleton at.
Okay. So let's go into the third lap for
today. So the third lap of if I wanted
to go into is how to diagnose where your
STRs are struggling. Meaning when as
your team is struggling, how to diagnose
what's happening.
So the first thing that I look into is
obviously deliverability.
meaning how many how many emails are
being delivered. So that's going to be
on a group level. You can't really do
that from an individual level unless you
look at their open rate, their
individual open rate. So that's the
first thing I would look at. The second
thing that I would look at, this is
actually probably going to be a shorter
lap. The second thing I would actually
look at is um how much activity are they
doing? And the reason that that second
is that's usually one of the like the
primary problem. I don't see a lot of
SDRs struggle to deploy training. I
don't see a lot of SDRs necessarily
struggle to write quality emails. They
do, but
before that, preceding that, what I do
see SDRs doing is not sending out that
much activity. I have seen organizations
where it's like you know SDRs will it's
all over the map but you know sometimes
SDRs are only sending out five emails 10
emails making a couple calls a day and
then the the poor leader is wondering
like why aren't they being successful so
that is definitely the second thing that
I would look at.
It's hard to keep it in front of you. A
platform like outreach can really help.
I would build really razor sharp
reporting in terms of that I want put in
front of me and I would make it a daily
daily habit of checking how many emails
are they making and or sending and how
many calls are they making. Now they're
going to come back with the excuse of
well I want to spend my time. I want to
be really thoughtful about the outreach
which is fine but even if they're
personalizing the entire email you
should be able to get out more uh no
less than 35 if they're personalizing it
from front to end. So that's the next
place that I would look at is how much
activity are they sending? And usually
it's going to autocorrect from there.
The funny thing is I make the joke, but
it's not really a joke. Half the time I
think that my job is just
essentially finding data and presenting
it to the leaders because then they
autocorrect themselves, you know. So
I've seen, you know, 250 person
organization
say, "We can't uh we can't we're
struggling with adopting training." And
I'm like, "What do you mean by that?"
and they're like, "Well, they're not
adopting the cold call track." And I'm
like, "Well, just give me the login and
I'll I'll kind of figure out what's
happening." Um, so I do a login. I log
in. I came back in front of I'll never
forget this in front of an entire room
of leadership. I'm like, "Well, I have
good news and I have bad news." The good
news is, which one do you want first?
And they're like, "The good news." I'm
like, "The good news is I found the
problem.
The bad news is what the problem is. The
problem is not that they have a an
adopted adoption um issue or that
they're struggling to adopt. The problem
is that your dialer isn't hooked up and
hasn't been hooked up for the last three
years. So unless your reps are making
dials from their manual phone,
the problem isn't the the cold call
training or you know your pre-existing
cold call training. as much as I love to
take credit credit of it or you to hire
me to you know it's not that it's that
the dialer isn't hooked up and just
watch everyone's jaw drop as 250 person
team they realize that they've never
made a dial so I would look into the
activity and I would look into the the
third piece is when when are they making
those dials when are they making sending
those calls etc etc so you can get get a
good marker on that so they should be
sending calls or I'm Sorry. Sending
emails and making calls Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday afternoon, 2 p.m. to 6
p.m. 5 minutes before the hour and after
the hour is going to be the best best
hit times in terms of activity. So, I
would focus there and see how often are
they making and um making the dials and
sending the emails uh early in the uh
early in the day and then early in the
week because it's going to do them the
least amount of favors in terms of
actually producing the results that they
want. So, that's the third uh third
thing that I'd look at. Once you get
past that, the fourth thing I would look
at is subject lines.
So, it's a great place to catch whether
they're personalized or not. So, I would
tease out from the uh subject line
perspective. Mine take manual actual
inputs of like, you know, put your
personalization premise here. So, it's a
good way to check slash catch people
from um not using an actual personalized
subject line. Uh so, that's the first
thing that I would do in terms of you
know, and you can see the open rate. um
there, but the quality of the subject
line, did they personalize? And also,
how many emails were they sending with
the exact same subject line? So, that's
a way to diagnose of like, okay, is uh
number one, is it causing deliverability
problems, but what is the quality of
what they're sending? What is what are
my prospects seeing from an open rate uh
from an open perspective? So, I can see
if that's really the problem. Then, the
next thing I would look at is basically
the actual email. Is it too long?
Meaning, are they putting two uh two
sentences into one paragraph? Are there
any long blocks of text? You know, are
they using acronyms? Are they using
punctuation? Which is a good thing. How
many links are in the email? You know,
so a good place to trim out some uh
headache is that there's a lot of links
within the document. You know, if like
they included their, you know, your
website and their phone number and their
LinkedIn page and some piece of content.
So, I try and trim out the most links
possible and uh how many pattern words
are they using? We work with people who
struggle with X Y and Z. We're the
number one blank who helps blank do
blank quick chat SEO. I'd love to just
following up just circling back just
bubbling at the top of the inbox. So
then I've looked at the quality of the
email. How often are they saying pattern
words that are um uh saying pattern
words that are um triggering to the
person that is a sales email email? And
then also on the cold call, how what's
the quality of questions that they're
asking? Are they actually getting to the
point in the cold call where they are
asking questions? And if they are asking
questions, are they specific? Are they
uh objective? Are they around their
metrics? It how many gimmicks are they
using within the cold call? Normally
when I hear cold calling training things
go live, meaning like I I hear someone,
you know, blasting like a success story,
it's how they're defining successes.
They're getting someone to laugh at the
beginning, which
there's a lot after the call to that. So
I would I would look at what kind of
questions are they asking um the person,
but generally speaking, even with cold
calls, it's like the main problem is the
amount of connects that they're having.
So, it comes down to what time of day
are they calling because it's it's less
um less about uh um the the quality of
the cold call. It's more about are they
making it the the accurate time to be
able to get enough connects. Look at
this wipe out. Ready for it.
I think it's about to happen. Or maybe I
I missed that. Messed that up. Anywh who
on short track one of the There it goes.
There it goes. Oh, takes one takes out
the other.
There goes team Italy. That's why it's
so exciting life.
They're putting buckets of water in
between races on the actual ice to make
it more slippery. It's really really
wild. And they ran water over the track
three times before they started. So very
very interesting. Anyh who, so those are
the places that I would look to
diagnose. I'm actually done from a lab
perspective. Um but I would look at you
know how many activi uh how many emails
and calls are they making and sending?
What time of day are they doing that? um
how is their email deliverability? How
many subject lines uh are the same? How
many subject lines are different? Are
they using true personalization? And
then I would look into the actual email
in the actual text of the call to check,
you know, is it too long? You know, is
it f is six lines as as opposed to see
the skates right near that guy's head.
The skates right near that guy's head.
Men just came on air, y'all. We just got
a men sighting.
We got a got a men's sighting. So, it's
Friday, y'all. It's Friday. We're
letting our our hair down. So, point
being, you know, um is it too long? Are
they using acronyms? Are there long
blocks of text? Acronyms are a positive.
Are they using punctuation that helps a
person read it? What is a value prop?
How specific is it? How according to
their metrics is it? So on and so forth,
places that I look to to catch any kind
of errors in terms of diagnosis. The
last one that I'll I'll say is uh ghost
styles. I would check into if they're
hitting all those metrics and it's not
making sense the math, it could be
likely they're ghost styling. So, I
would run a report for all the cold
calls that they're making. How many were
under? I'm going to be nice and say 8
seconds, but really it's three or sorry,
the reverse. I'd be nice and say 3
seconds, but really it's eight of like
if it's less than eight seconds, it's
really a ghost style, meaning they're
calling the person they're hanging out.
Okay, let's go to the next lap. So the
next lap is we're going to go into
coaching, the top things to coach on
and the do dos and don'ts of building a
coaching practice. So this is going to
be a combo lap around coaching and
essentially the the the rubric. So the
things that I'm coaching on with SDRs,
number one is the buyer persona. How
well do they know the buyer persona? Do
they know the metrics? And this is
something that I would definitely
encourage over time uh with the SDR so
they get to know the buyer. So how well
do they know the buyer persona meaning
you know are they and I would put it
into practice that every week they have
to essentially come to you and and uh
recite a couple of the metrics that
they're that the buyer is running that
the buyer is measured on and what are
the industry averages of those and at
what points they cause a problem. The
second thing that I would think about
coaching them on is um well activity for
sure. Um but then the aesthetic of an
email, you know, um how long was it? How
spread out was it? How many punctuation
markers were in there? How much did they
use personalization? Did that uh pattern
interrupt?
And uh the last one that I would think
about coaching them on is psychology and
getting them to know psychology. it is
the least important in terms of it like
their overall career progression but
it's still very important is um how much
psychology are they learning about human
beings in general meaning three
different ego states the different ways
that people respond you know the
different uh types of personality um uh
the uh personality disord like even
disorders is one that I look into of
like are people avoidance are people
anxious attachment style are a anxious
avoidant attachment style or fe fearful
disorganized attachment style and it
will just the more that people learn
about psychology specifically ego states
will help the the buyer um the SDR over
time just know what things to say and
not say that will hit people in the
wrong way.
I a lot of times I look at clips online
and
and this can be in regards to anything
and it's so interesting to me that it
doesn't matter what the person's just
done or or accomplished,
excuse me, the way that they say
something can ruin it or can make it.
Words really matter. Psychology matters.
It's again, it's something that I would
look at after I look into learning the
buyer persona, but it still can really
affect how someone feels about you in
the overall. Um, okay. So, that is what
I would look into. That's what I would
coach reps on plus the items within the
last lap. In terms of the rubric and
building a a rubric for coaching SDRs, I
would say number one, it needs to be a
centralized rubric rubric. It needs to
be an established rubric. It needs to be
in one place where essentially they know
what you are after and what you're going
to say and what you're going to measure
on. That's really key that that is
established and that you don't change
that. So, I'd say from a consistency
perspective, one of the biggest
mistakes, it's kind of one of the
biggest mistakes that I see when it
comes to AEES as well, coaching AES as
well, is it's this very loosey goosey
idea of I think this, I think that, I
think, etc., etc., of like it's almost
like they invent the angle of where they
would go on like live during the actual
coaching session. There needs to be an
actual established rubric with no
subjective terms. So or very very few
subjective terms if you're going to
include any at all. I would suggest not
doing it of like saying was this
readable for instance. Instead of asking
that the rubric I would ask questions
like was it 500 words or less or how
many word or how many um words was it?
So it needs to be an objective line that
you are after to where every rep is
measured on that. So they know the
expectations so they know how they
should be getting essentially what when
they've done something wrong they need
to know that they've done something
wrong and why they've done done
something wrong. So in terms of the
rubric I would suggest that it's not a
team format that you do it one-on-one
and that it is established in a
centralized location with all the
criteria laid out. So as far as the
actual session, it's kind of very
similar to uh what I suggested with
AEES. I would suggest that they bring
you one call, but then you also make a
habit of listening to their calls,
specifically the intro portion, the
personalization portion, and the
questions that they're asking that you
make a habit of listening to those for
15 minutes a day of all of your team. So
you get to know your teams over time. A
lot of the things that they do aren't
that egregious, but they do them so
regularly that that's really what's
hurting them in the end.
So that's it for those in terms of
coaching. I am speeding through this.
I'm making up time on the on the on the
back end. Um people are probably
actually like it like thrilled with that
idea. So um the last thing I wanted to
go into is how to build a stellar team
over time that consistently outperforms
their quota. I wanted to finish with one
key item um in terms of um in terms of
building a team. The thing that's the
most important for SDR is a grind. It's
hard to keep people motivated.
The number one thing that's the most
important in my opinion is that they are
getting better. If they're getting
better, they will consistently show up
for you. in my experience and what I
mean by that is people have tried to
motivate uh STRs through a lot of
things. I'm going to motivate them
through spiffs. I'm going to motivate
them through you know role progressions.
I'm going to motivate them through you
know a lot of different things like they
get money and they get you know uh
rewards or they get awards and all of
that is good and fine. I'm not going to
go into any of that. The thing that I
will say that is not optimized for that
needs to be optimized for that's
probably the hardest to optimize for but
is the most necessary
is that you yourself learn as a leader
what are the things that they need to
say to actually move the ball forward
and that you are teaching them those
things over time. If you have that and
your reps are improving, they won't
leave you and they won't lose
motivation.
So coaching is not about a one-time
activity. It's about getting better over
time. And so the key to this is in my
opinion, which is the hardest part, you
learning as a leader. I am on a
blistering pace. I've always been on a
blistering pace of what I have to learn.
Excuse me. What I have to learn because
the as time goes on, I have to learn
because my buyer's learning, right? So I
not only have to be ahead of that I owe
it's my responsibility to my prospects
and potential buyers that I am learning
something every single day whether it's
a site theory or whether it's you know a
uh like you know email deliverability
used to not be something that was in my
um knowledge base but then as I learned
about it I'm like like meaning that it
existed I'm like oh this is probably
really important so I found ways to just
make it happen. A lot of being a good
leader is about the same things of what
it means to be a good rep. And what I
mean by that is it comes down to, which
is crazy to me that this isn't brought
brought up a little crazy to me is it
comes down to accountability.
Are you accountable for your successes
and are you accountable for your
failures? I have been in the spot where
I've done both and I've seen you know it
is multiple people's responsibility
other than myself then I've also seen it
as my responsibility
and it comes down to how accountable you
are there are things that I did some
people have asked me you know like okay
well when whenever you became an SDR
because I became an SDR at the age of 30
I was an a I was an AE enterprise AE
back in Texas for seven years of my
career
And then I moved out to the Bay Area to
be with my grandparents. And so I as
like at that point I knew I was in tech
and I didn't know anything about tech.
So I took a step back to understand I'm
like if number one I need to figure out
what tech is about. But number two I
need to if I can get good at prospecting
that was my hardest part as an AE. So my
thought was if I can get hard at the
good at the hardest thing then
everything else will be gravy. And but I
also had the realization that I'm like
I'm 30 and I'm an SDR in the most
expensive city in the United States.
So there are certain things that I did
and no one had to ask me to do them.
Why? I was 30 in in the most expensive
city in the United States. I'm like I
have to make something happened fast and
now. So I crashed into networking events
that I had no right being in. I studied
these people beforehand of I'm like, I
need to say that one thing within 5
seconds to be brief, be brilliant, be
gone. I remember at one point when I was
thinking about um uh publishing content,
it was a Saturday night, my grandfather
was sitting there on the couch. We were
watching TV and all I was doing was
adding STRs on LinkedIn. Add ad add.
He's like, "Your finger's going to
break." Why? Accountability.
So in terms of building an a lethal SDR
team, the thing that needs to happen
that has to happen that they will not be
lethal without and they will not stay
even if they are is you have to learn
more every single day. So that they
being around you is an increasingly
better idea because the amount that you
know. So, it's the hardest thing, but
it's most necessary thing in terms of
they're only going to stay for take a
word from the wise of people obviously
didn't stay with me for good juju
reasons. Meaning, I you know, I
struggled in terms of being like, "How's
your weekend?" blah blah blah,
excuse me. But,
you know, I really focused on learning
things that I didn't know so I could
help teach them things that they didn't
know. So that's the most important piece
I think to building a lethal team over
time. People that own it when it's good
or bad or Yeah. totally, totally, Jay
Frank of like it's not about being
perfect. Nobody's perfect. If you think
that that you become successful at
something by getting everything perfect
in the pract practice rounds, it's like
I mean like look at this right now. You
know, Alyssa Lou, she won uh she was in
bronze place. She uh was in third place
uh after the short program and then she
went into the freekate and she won the
gold for for both overall. So you could
say she came in and she made she made
some mistakes in the short short program
and that put her in third. But she
didn't let that keep her in third. She
went to gold medal. Why? Because she
owned she had the accountability to say
this is on me. This is on me whether I
win and this is on me whether I lose.
One of the biggest mistakes I see from
leaders and reps, honestly, is just lack
of accountability. They're like, "Oh,
well, my leader owes me, you know, they
don't coach me." I'm like, "Boohoo." I'm
like, "Yes, of course, that's something
that would be really helpful, but you
cannot depend on everyone else around
you. You can't depend on anyone. You
have to be okay no matter what some
someone gives you or doesn't give you in
terms of coaching. So, it's it's kind of
a bonus, not something that's
mandatory." Here's another one. Ilia,
you know, he slipped and he he came in
eighth when he thought he was going to
come in for the gold. And his first
reaction was kind of boohoo me, you
know, of like why why I wasn't ready for
this and I wasn't ready for the
pressure. And then he had a turnaround
within his attitude. That turnaround is
your choice is my choice. It is my
choice whether I learn something today
or don't learn something today. So I
would just think about that from the
leadership perspective. If they don't
see you learning, they're not going to
develop the habit of learning. They
mirror your behaviors, right? A lot of
times it's kind of like a real kid. Like
they mirror your behaviors. If you value
metrics, they start to value metrics. If
you value learning, they start to value
learning. If you don't do any of that
and you make up excuses, so will they.
So you can't get mad at them about it.
So that's it. Thank you so much today
for coming. That is Friday. We have two
days left.
Can't believe we only have two days
left. I'm starting to get sad. I'm
starting to get sad. I'm tired, but I'm
still starting to get get sad. So, tune
in tomorrow where we are going to be
going into we're going to pivot back to
account executive and we're going to be
going into a very spicy topic or a very
necessary topic and and not talked about
often. The how-to of deal reviews,
forecasting, deal stage criteria, how to
prevent slippage. Basically, all of the
CRM elements of account executive. And
then we're going to close out on the in
the closing ceremonies, we're going to
do a a mixture of different topics, but
how to make the jump from STR to AE, how
to go from STM uh SMB AE to enterprise
or AE to leader, things that your
manager never uh want will never tell
you that actually really matter. And
then we're going to do a crash course in
terms of all the topics that we have
covered. We might have to delay that one
till Monday if I do if we do uh bob sled
closing ceremony, BUT WE'LL KEEP I KNOW.
KIRSTEN, I'm already getting sad.
I'm really getting sad. Okay, y'all have
a great rest of your day. Jay, Frank,
Kirsten, everyone for for showing up. I
will see you tomorrow where we're going
to go into AE deal reviews, deal
slippage, uh forecasting, and that kind
of criteria. Uh and then we will close
out on Sunday or on Monday. But we'll
let you know tomorrow. Either way, hope
you have a great rest of your day. Tune
in to Short Track tonight. It's crazy.
It's like the gladiators. So, and I will
see y'all all tomorrow
for now and ciao.
