Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "rec-TQu12_U",
  "title": "The 2026 Cold (Outreach) Olympics: Day 14",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rec-TQu12_U",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
[music]
[music]
Bonjour. No,
[laughter]
how is everyone doing? Hopefully you
don't have weather like that. By the
way, we have to put put a poinsetta or
what what is that called? That's not a
poinsetta. [laughter]
Clearly, I'm not a flowers gal. We have
to put that in the way because um I
think we got too close to the Olympic
flu and too close to the Olympic sun
because YouTube started paying attention
[laughter]
to us. Welcome, welcome, welcome,
welcome, welcome. How's everyone doing?
Okay, two things I want to know if
everyone would jump in the chat if
you're here and I want to know. Uh good
morning. Good morning. You called it THE
FTS FAM. [laughter]
OH MY GOSH. BONJOUR.
UM,
now you're getting my head in in French.
I returned uh thankfully I returned my
car. And they asked me, they said, "Are
you uh Rebecca?" And I said, "Simoa."
Naturally, I said, "Simoa back." So, I
thought you would like that uh piece of
fact. So the two things that I want to
know is number one is everyone up to
sleep speed slash did you see the woof
that came into the games yesterday? Did
everyone see that article or see any of
the news on we there was a wolf dog that
came in the came in the uh basically at
the end of the cross country skiing
there was two um Olympians were about to
to to finish and take the gold and
silver medal and this wolf dog came in
this on the scene and started running
along with them [laughter]
which was really cute and the photo
finish people like the official Omega
Speed Time people got the wolf dog like
on the actual radar camera and you would
think like, "Okay, we might be scared of
this wolf dog because it's it looks like
a wolf." And it was sweet as can be.
Started like licking the faces of all
the um like Olympic employees. So, it
was really really cute. So, I want to
know if everyone saw that and did
everyone
in second news watch uh shortkate. Yeah.
Crosscountry skiing, short skate. Did
everyone watch shortk skate yesterday or
short track? I'm sorry. Short [snorts]
track. So, I went to short track for the
first time yesterday. This is the first
um speed skating round that I have seen
and y'all it is wild. Absolutely wild.
You would think people are like cheering
for the gladiators. I kid you not that
it's [snorts] been like, you know, and I
for sure number one for me so far is
skeleton. I thought skeleton was
amazing, but uh when I went to short
track, I'm like, "Okay, this is a new
favorite one." They ice down the ice
three times with a one of those water
clean trucks right beforehand. They they
ice down the ice right beforehand, so
it's ultra slick. and they take buckets
of water between skates so it's as slick
as possible. So it's not like rare that
someone slips. It's like very very
common that someone slips. So, I saw
probably I don't know four or five uh
different falls and and there's only
basically,
excuse me, we did men's 500 meter
quarterfinals, which is four rounds,
semi-finals, which is two rounds, two
rounds uh of the finals for the women's
30,000 meter relay, and then two rounds
of 500 meter finals. And I I probably
saw, I kid you not, four or five falls.
So, it's very dramatic. So, if you don't
watch short track, for sure it became my
favorite. If you don't watch short
track, I would definitely give it a
watch. There's short track tonight and
tomorrow night. So, I'm going tomorrow
night. Today is the first day that I'm
not going to an Olympics event. I'm
flirting with the idea potentially. It's
going to kill me, like absolutely kill
me in terms of my body, but I'm
potentially thinking about there's
bobsled on the last day over in Cortina,
which is basically like a 5-h hour
drive. So, I'm thinking about bobsled
tickets just freed up. So, I'm thinking
of going to see Feel the Rhythm, Feel
the Rhyme. Get on up. It's bobsled
bobsled time. Go see the four three uh
third and fourth man Heats for the
bobsled finals. And I'm also thinking
about going to the closing ceremony. So,
I need a little encouragement to do
both. If you don't care, I understand.
If you want me to do either, then you're
going to have have to tell me in the
comments because I am I am, you know,
I've been running around from town to
town to town. So, it's been nice to stay
in the exact same spot, the exact same
uh hotel, if you will, for the last
couple days. So, anyh who, okay, I'm
going to jump into the topic. The topic
for today is coaching.
So, this is what to coach AEES on. How
to really coach AEES for conversion from
a conversion perspective.
most AEES they um or most most AE
programs let's start there there is some
type of coaching I see very few AE
programs that they're bereft of the idea
of coaching but the efficacy can go up
and down and because the efficacy can go
up and down oftentimes people kind of
just cancel them right so I wanted to go
into a thoughtful really meaningful way
to coach AEES um coaching can be really
effective but it depends on what your
coach coaching on and are you doing it
in a systematic way in a centralized way
in a way that makes sense in a way that
you're tracking in a way that actually
works of what you have advice on how to
do something better that actually works
better than what they're currently doing
today. So basically, does it work? Is it
systematic? And can you find an in
centralized place are going to be all
the dragons that people are going to be
fighting. So why don't we go ahead and
jump into lap one. So I have a template.
Now keep in mind I put together Why are
those guys doing back flips in the snow?
That's got to be Americans. Sorry guys,
[laughter]
that has to be Americans. 100% chance.
So point being, I have a five-stage
document, which is meaning a five-stage
program. I'm not saying that you should
necessarily start with all of these,
meaning, you know, if you're just
starting out a coaching program, I would
focus probably on stage one, stage two,
stage three, like kind of um, you know,
ratchet up as you go. So I wouldn't
start with all of this right off the
bat, but I I usually start with
something more fundamental, more
sophomoric uh before I uh promote to the
uh second stage and so on and so forth.
So the first stage that of what I look
for in stage number one, an easy place
to catch uh AES in terms of efficacy is
uh the number of the summary points that
are about them. So, if you go over on
the lefth hand side, if you have some
kind of recording software, you have
some kind of AI um you know, hookup, I
would uh I would look through and look
up at the a like at the summary of the
call and look at what percentage of the
points of the summary of the call are
about your company versus what
percentage of the points are actually
about the prospect. So, in my opinion,
around 90% of that conversation should
be around the prospect. meaning what
they're doing, what they're thinking,
you know, all the of the all the
different current state items, all the
different details that you can't get
access to online. So, the first thing
that I would look look for is are you
getting the prospect to talk or is the
AE getting the prospect to talk until
that number is at minimum 50% of the
time. I mean, it needs to really be
around 75% in my opinion to be passable,
but until that's at minimum of 50% of
the time and they're not going on long
rants, then I would focus there.
So, we're going to get into this, but
essentially what I would do is I would
prescribe something and then look for
that thing to get better. And if it
doesn't get better the next call, then
don't move on. Like basically for the
summary point for example if you go to
the next point um go to the next call or
the ne next session and the AE is still
talking 75% of the time I wouldn't move
on to teach them something else because
essentially everything else that would
come after that is going to be now that
you're not talking what are you getting
them to talk about and what are you
discovering so I would start with that
as stage one and not promote until until
they um successfully get there. Uh stage
two I of a coaching program is a kind of
a double down on the summary points but
it's it's really um from a tactical
perspective thinking about
how act like how active listening were
they was the account executive and also
how much did they effectively get the
prospect to come out of their shell. So
the three things that I look at is
number one when the prospect spoke what
time percentage of the time and volume
of times when they stopped did the rep
follow up with a question. So, yeah, a
quick way, an easy way to do this, it
doesn't take me long in the beginning to
really listen to calls. uh meaning, you
know, usually the most common mistakes
are are pretty overt, but I would just
look at the call, look at what
percentage of the time that the rep is
talking, and then when the prospect
stopped, like if you have like a
recording software like Kaya with
outreach, then I would look at when the
prospect stopped, just double click on
that portion and hear what the prospect
was ending with and then hear what the
rep did next. So no matter what the
person said, whether they asked a
question or if they said something, the
rep should be asking a question next. So
I would go to those pieces of pieces of
the pie and basically click on that that
any part of the conversation and say
what percentage of the time did the rep
actually um ask a question versus start
talking about something. And it doesn't
even really necessarily in my opinion
what they started talking about just
that they start talking meaning you know
did they start to say something case
study explain a feature etc you know or
did they actually ask something so
that's the second thing that I would
think of within uh stage two the other
second thing in stage two is when they
mentioned a pro a problem or a struggle
did the seller double down so when they
said so the general rule of thumb I say
is if if a prospect you know says we've
had a struggle with we've had a
challenge with we've had problem with
then the rep immediately should double
down. So what percentage of the time in
terms of questions that were asked or at
times that it was mentioned did the rep
actually successfully say and a great
question to say is what do you mean by
that? You know so if they say we've been
having a lot of problem we've been
having a lot of problem with the end of
our races recently. I'm like what do you
mean by that? Or we had a huge problem
with the end of our race yesterday. What
do you mean by that? They might be
saying man we tuckered out in terms of
crosscountry skiing and we lost the
race. they might be saying that a random
wolf ended up on the course and they
couldn't get around them. So, and the
spread can be that vast. And so, I'm
always asking a question there. So, what
percentage of the time did they ask a
question versus did uh did they double
down and ask a question versus did they
go straight through it? And then, uh the
third piece of stage two is when the
prospect mention a subjective term, how
often did the rep ask them to define it?
Now, you don't have to define every
single one of them. Some of them you're
gonna are going to be more important
than others. I'm always viewing the call
as in the top of the muffin episode in
Seinfeld. Meaning, you know, based on
the information that is presented and
the information that uh the questions
that I ask, what what is the best
question or information to um acquire
based on what they've told me, based on
what I don't already have answered, and
based on what would help me find an
unknown and confirm their diagnosis as
it exists. So, you know, in terms of
that, when I'm thinking about the call,
when the prospect mentioned it, a
subjective term, it's it you
[clears throat] can't follow up every
piece of data with the question. So, I
have a running list on the right hand
side of all the questions that I would
ask in real time. And then when the
prospect takes a breath, you know, and
there's an obvious pause in the in the
conversation, I look to the list and I
keep in mind, I'm like, which which
items do I really really need versus
second to best, third to best, etc. So
when the when the uh the uh prospect
uses subjective term high, low, good,
bad, etc., what percentage of the time
did the rep ask them to define it? What
do you mean by low? You know, what do
you mean by you've been you've been
slipping around the curves a lot in
short skating? What percentage of the
time are you are you uh slipping when
you go around the track? So that is
stage two is subjective terms. What
percentage of time did they ask a
question when they mention a struggle?
And then what percent when the prospect
uh uh spoke, what percentage of time did
they fall for the question? Okay. Stage
three. How many questions of the rep ask
in total? Out of all the questions, how
many of them were qualifying or bank
questions? Out of all the questions, how
many of them were a leading question?
Out of all the questions, how many of
them were subjective and included a
subjective term? How many of all all the
questions uh were self-dagnosis
questions? and how many times did the
rep use the word if. So now we're
looking at the quality of the questions.
So by way of knocking out how often do
they do something negative that they
should really stay away from you know so
those are all the the main types it now
again I listed 11 the other day digital
questions blaming questions confirmation
questions can we both agree that blank
you can do this exercise really in depth
but I'm going to you know always warn of
it's in stages right so once they master
that kind of turn you know now they can
master in a more expert level of term,
but until they get the prospect talking,
there's nothing to talk about. You know,
it's not about the questions because
they didn't ask any. So, that's stage
three is really the quality of the
questions and the quantity of the
questions that they're asking. Number
four was the business problem. So,
number four, stage four, we're going to
pivot to
uh instead of what were they saying,
what did they acquire? So stage four
simply put I'm asking was the business
problem and was the uh was the business
problem essentially acquired. Was the
lagging indic indicator achievement
acquired? Was the lagging indicator goal
acquired? And was the buyer self
diagnosis how many components of the
buyer self diagnosis were acquired? And
what percentage of the time was the why
behind that belief acquired? So this is
something to fill out in the CRM. I the
biggest death to CRM fills or coaching
in general is subjective open notes
field to where they just kind of give a
narrative what what they thought in the
call. I would put a closed objective
term of like who was the buyer, you
know, they fill in the they put in the
KPI from a drop menu and then it's like
lagging indicator achievement, lagging
indicator goal. So you can digitally
understand did they get the business
problem or not. Most people aren't not
doing things because they don't think
they're valuable. they're doing them
because they don't believe that they are
or they're doing them because they do
believe that they're not. So, you know,
I I I would keep that in mind when
you're thinking about assessing these
calls is the reason that most people
think that they have the business
problem is just generally speaking, we
just think that we've done the job, you
know. So, but when I ask you questions,
the lagging indicator, goal and
achievement, then it turns into a
completely different conversation. And
then the last one is stage five. Did the
rep find a misdiagnosis and did they
find a missed diagnosis? How many, how
big, how many linked impacts, how early
in the call, you know, and how many per
buyer? There's France. We came in first.
Look at us. We came in first. We But the
last piece of value that I would get to
once I've gotten to all of those was did
they actually add value by finding
something that the person didn't know?
So, did they find a misdiagnosis or a
misdiagnosis? Even if they acquired the
known the business problem, how many and
what were the so you know how much value
they add and how much trust and
credibility you have acquire
metal.
Y'all thought I wasn't going to finish
that round on time. I know it. I know
it. And it was a buzzer beater to be
honest.
There's a lot to coach on.
the main um [clears throat] main um
thing to focus on is stages and
objective information and especially
that it's centralized and they're aware
on what the criteria is. It cannot be a
I think that you should do this. It's
number one too loosey goosey and number
two the like you're not even 100% sure
on you know whether that's the most
effective and it can't be measured on
over time if it's not preset beforehand.
So the scorecard needs to be set like
beforehand for the rep really to even
engage in coaching because they know
what the point system is. So that is the
first lap. Why don't we go into lap two?
Isn't this so sad that we can't put the
entire screen in the window?
Well, to be fair, I mean I think that
that was just like canoeing.
Ra, which is the Italian channel, you
never know what you're going to get. you
know, sometimes they're at the the
Olympic stadium, sometimes they just
aren't. So, top tips of effective
coaching. So, the first one I would
think about is uh that that the
scorecard is established beforehand.
Meaning it needs to be established what
is good and what is bad and the most
subjective the better. So, kind of like
the session that we did yesterday on the
brand director, you know, on what brand
awareness is or brand pre uh presence is
like unaded mentions versus prompted me
mentions, etc., etc. There needs to be a
numerical objective way to measure the
call so they know what they're
objectively after. You can't just say go
for the why behind the why, for
instance. It's like okay, I understand
that conceptually hypothetically, but
what am I tracking and why am I tracking
that thing? So I would look at so the
first thing is it needs to be an
objective established scorecard
beforehand. The second thing is that it
needs to be in a central location. So
basically reps need to be able to know
that the
I'm just going to put this out there.
One of the [clears throat] stories of
one of the hardest stories to hear was
about a CRO that essentially it there
there wasn't feedback on this is speed
skating on good, bad or ugly. there w
there wasn't you know too much uh
feedback on the CRO except for that the
goalpost always changed like they would
say do one thing do another thing x y
and z and then on the next call it's
like maybe they would say do the
opposite so it's really interesting with
um with I've studied very in depth all
the different personality disorders the
10 types of personality disorders
including narcissistic personality
disorder and one of the things that they
do just clinically speaking is because
the north go the north um star so to
speak is that they are correct that the
math will change and the setup will
change essentially of what they're
saying and what they say that they
believe. So essentially the math can
change no matter what just dependent on
the fact that their north goalpost of
they're the best and they're the
smartest stays the same. So I would
think about with your reps, it needs to
be a very defined criteria and it needs
to be a very static criteria. They they
need to be sure that it's not going to
move tomorrow of like the number of time
the percentage that you are talking on
the call for instance. That's a static
criteria. So is that going to be a
criteria over time and is the percentage
of time that you're measuring for is
that going to stay consistent over time
or is it going to change on the next
call something that they need to know?
This was w women's 3000 meter relay by
the way which is very very interesting.
They have they do kind of a little bump.
So they have they basically go around
the track and then to their their
partner like the next one who's speed
skating they do a little little bump.
The US actually got disqualified
yesterday which is really sad but point
being it was um pretty interesting to
watch. So the next one is that it's it's
centralized. Uh the next one a tip on
coaching is that it is documented. So,
it needs to be documented
on both sides on the manager who's doing
it and the manager or and the rep that
is doing it. My next biggest tip is that
both sides need to prepare beforehand.
One of the biggest things that I see
happen and one of the biggest things
that I've experienced is you go into the
coaching session and the manager hasn't
even watched your call. So it's like and
they a lot of times are coaching off of
hypotheticals and whatifs that don't
apply to you which is kind of like the
point of you know doing discovery to
begin with is finding out what's
actually specific to the person which is
super ironic. So I would say both reps
uh both the rep and the manager need to
have been uh need to have prepared
beforehand. So what that means is they
need to have invested otherwise why not
just pull the call. Coaching often gets
a bad name because of how ineffective it
is. And the reason it's ineffective is
neither side prepares and there's no
static scorecard.
Meaning there's no actual point of view.
So the rep needs to select the call and
the rep needs to put the reasoning
behind why they selected the call and
review the call of like what really
happened here? What was the context of
what happened? And then the manager also
needs to listen through that call and
come up with relatively detailed notes
and a punchline of if all else fails,
what were the what are the things that
they really need to work on? You know,
one, two, and punchline three. If that
hasn't been done, I'd say pull the call.
Like why not? Ineffective coaching is
not better than no coaching. No coaching
is better than ineffective coaching in
my in my opinion. Especially if it's not
databacked. It needs to be intentional.
It needs to be thoughtful. It needs to
be a building work and subse like
subsequential and it needs to be that
measured over time of is this actually
helping me. So that that would be my
next tip is that both sides need to
prepare and if both sides haven't
prepared and sometimes people would be
like oh well that's a lot of work and
I'm like well that's the amount of work
you should put into a coaching session.
So whether you want to do that or not
like if you don't want to coach don't
coach you know but it needs to be an
exercise that at least people are
investing in from both sides otherwise
it needs to be for lack of better terms.
It can't be a show a show of like I
really helped this person or I'm trying
as much as I can. The hardest thing for
managers I believe is I think because
we haven't come out with what is a good
and bad sales call there hasn't been
objective definition of that everything
else follows suit. So I the reason I
don't think that that managers coach so
much is because they don't know
necessarily what to coach on. They don't
know you know what do I actually say in
this slot to actually make the world
better. So, you know, I would get
montomaniacal about finding out what is
that and then also when you prescribe
something, does it actually work? So, if
the rep actually takes the advice
statistically speaking, is the call
getting better over time? Meaning, are
your conversion rates improving? Are the
talk rates improving? You know, is the
person coming out with more data? Are
they finding more misdiagnosis? So,
those are my tips. And then the last tip
that I would say is um is to have broad
like have specific detailed notes. Like
I do two sections of notes. The first
section and this is when I do like call
reviews for my clients. The first
section is basically a general note
section that I'm like and it's specific.
It's like at minute 3:22 you cut the
prospect off. minute 6:43, you know,
here's a sign they the prospect just
yawned or the prospect uh hasn't talked
in two minutes because of this cut off
two two minutes ago. So, it's that
specific. And then the second category
of notes is essentially when the
prospect said something at a certain
time clip, what was the question that
should have been asked? Now, again, you
can't ask all the questions, but it's a
detailed list on all the questions that
I would have from an open perspective.
You would think I was very intimidated
in the beginning like can I actually add
value on all these calls because it's so
many different industries but because
the coaching tenants stay the same and
prospects are actually we're at such a
in my opinion nent stages of selling
that you know of like okay well we just
need to stop cutting off the prospect or
we need to let the prospect talk that it
it's easier than you think meaning even
though I I don't necessarily sell to a
CIO or CISO it was pretty easy to jump
in there with um some advice on on you
know when they were saying something
like pro prospects are relatively overt
is what I'm trying to say like man we've
had a lot of problems with network
latency
so the next question is naturally
speaking what do you mean by that what
do you mean by problems with network
latency so that's an example of a place
where to jump in so those would be be my
tips my last tip is out of all of those
tips I would boil it down to like a top
two or three
that you know three maximum of things
that they need to change. So you can
spend all your time as much as you can
going through all of the quoteunquote
mistakes or spots that you would improve
the call but then at the end it needs to
be okay but here's the punch list of the
you know two things like two things that
you need to change by next time and
those are the things to measure of next
call did they actually do those two
things so it's more simple simplistic
list so needs to be a centralized list
an objective list and a central place
it's the same essentially for anyone on
it's it's the same video game of Mario
Brothers or the same five stages. Now
where they're at in the stages is
completely different. That's what
coaching you know it like in essence is
but you know when you go into the call
it needs to be well prepared. Both of
you need to have prepared and there
needs to be a you know in my opinion
exhaustive list of things that they that
of notes and questions that they could
have asked with a one, two or three
punchline of if nothing else these are
the two things you need to focus on
before the next call. I'm done men so
we can clear the pizza clock. Can I get
those 29 seconds back? Do I get 29 gold
medals because I was 29 seconds ahead?
[laughter]
Please don't answer that because that
means that I get 29 in the other cases
where I go too long. I don't even know
what I get. I get time outs. Okay, so
let's go into the next lap in terms of
coaching.
So next lap. Now we know what to coach
on and some specific tips how to
structure a coaching session. Something
that I would think about well let's
start with the don't dos. The main thing
that I see done that I wouldn't do is
people get all the reps in a room
and they'll review maybe one call or two
call and they'll just put it on and they
won't look at it beforehand and they'll
say, "What do we think?" And all the
reps will go, "Oh, I think this and I
think this and I think this and no one
really walks away with anything." Even
if you have a top performer, even if
they are a top performer consistently,
they don't necessarily know why they
were a top performer and they don't
necessarily know what to tell the other
people to do on the call to be
different. Just because I'm good at, you
know, whatever it is, like figure
skating or curling or whatever it is,
doesn't mean I cannot necessarily
identify why.
So, I would avoid any kind of group
coaching situations, especially where
you're going reptore. Now, I've seen
this happen a lot and people might say,
"Well, what about collaboration?" This
needs to be a structured time between
you and the rep if it's going to be
meaningful. Group coaching does not
usually typically move the needle at
all. It makes people feel better, thus
the damage.
Meaning, if it feels like you went
through a coaching session, but you
didn't actually, it's actually more
damaging because now you think what you
you did what you have to do. So, I would
structure the session in terms of it's
one-on-one only. And I would have them
um the first thing that I would have
them do or the first thing that I'd have
them prepare is I would have them
prepare or send over a call that they
want to review beforehand. But that
can't be the only thing that you review.
The second biggest mistake that I see or
in my opinion mistake that I see is they
only review a call that the rep sends
over. So, there are two things that you
miss if that happens. Number one, a lot
of times they're only going to send over
the calls that make them look really
good,
you know, and I used to ask the question
of like, hey, why even in the sheet, why
are you actually sending me this call?
And the rep would say, um, you know, I'd
be like, well, why'd you pick this call?
And and sometimes the rep would like
stop talking. They'd be like, uh, uh,
I'm like, it's because you did really
good, right? So, they kind of want to
show you that they did really good, but
they don't really want advice. So,
that's the first thing that I would
think about is like, well, that's the
first thing I would include is asking
them why they um essentially uh pick the
chose the call at hand. I would hope
that people choose the the uh least
effective call or one call where they
messed up, but humans are humans number
one. And sometimes they don't even know
which was the least effective call. So,
but I would give them the opportunity to
bring one call that you review. But the
second biggest mistake is that uh
coaches stop there. Meaning
[clears throat] I want a broadcape
understanding of what this rep is doing
for two reasons. Number one, because
this one call that they prepared doesn't
necessarily give me an accurate
depiction of who they are. But the
second thing is maybe some things
they're doing are incorrect, but they're
only and they're really egregious, but
they only did it once. Whereas on all of
the calls, they did something on scale
of 1 to 10 of four in terms of how how
damaging it is, but they did it on every
single call. So, I as a habit would for
sure as a manager put in my in my card
um in in my calendar a 15minute reminder
to listen to my rep's calls every single
day and look at their emails, cold
emails that they're sending every single
day and their activity metrics every
single day. Now, I'm not going to
necessarily do something about it, but
it's going to help give me a good
depiction over time about who the rep
is. So coaching doesn't come down just
to the session. Some sometimes you'll
catch something on a Monday, you know,
and you're like, "Oh, shoot. I need to
tell them to do this." And that's what
it's all about, right? So, I would make
an ongoing habit of, and here's a a
frustrating thing that I'm I'm gonna
throw coaches in this the fire for a
second that here's a frustrating thing
that I hear is they'll say, "Well, if I
had known
or I'll say, you know, like it's been
surprising to me how little managers
often know about what the reps are
doing." Like, I'll say, "How many act
how many emails are they sending per
day?" I'd say 85% of the time people
don't know which is a problem right so
they'll say now there are ways to make
it easier and better of like um uh pin
this comment for a second men there's
ways to make it a a little bit better
you know of like easier in terms of from
a data perspective of what to surface
and how to do that on the coach but the
fact is if you are a leader that is your
whole job I'd argue and I'll ask coaches
I'll say you know like for instance if
the conversation comes up about
activity, they'll go, "Oh, I just didn't
have the time." I'm like, "What do you
mean you just didn't have the time?" I'm
like, "You're too busy in what?" One-on-
ones. I'm like, "One's based on what?"
Based on what? So, I would be very, very
intentional about consistently looking
at what my reps are doing from an
activity perspective, from and this is
not micromanaging. This is this is
microlearning is what I would look at it
as of like when I go into that coaching
session I need to know for them
specifically what is going wrong. There
was a gig that I had um last year where
I was working with a a team and they
were in a very ad hoc industry, a very
um I would say niche industry, one that
I hadn't really coached in before. And
the first session or two didn't go
wonderfully well, I would say in from a
a training perspective. Like I think
there was a lot of is this applicable to
us which was is rare for me nowadays
because I train in their terms
specifically.
But one thing I did was I was working
with the with the CEO directly and so I
was like well I need to turn this thing
around. So I listened to three or four
calls and I showed up to the call and I
said this. I said,
I don't know what just happened.
[laughter]
[gasps]
I think it just knocked off. So, I said,
okay, we're going to close out this
series in terms of um asking questions
uh with a couple of pieces of theory on
the back end. But in the meantime, um I
want to talk about asking more
questions.
The average number of questions I
listened to a 100 calls and the average
number of questions was that was asked
were three
and on average 2.75 of them were bank
questions meaning very rarely were there
any questions asked that weren't bank
questions. The longest period of time
that it took someone to uh just share
their deck, meaning the longest amount
of time that someone gave for someone to
be in the process of be talking, the
longest was 4 hours or sorry, 4 minutes
and 25 seconds.
And then I just sat there. I was like,
"So, let's talk about what questions
that we can ask on the front end." And I
asked the CEO afterwards and I gave them
several different setups of like, okay,
so this prospect said this, this, this,
this, and this. I want you to go into a
breakout room and ask what are the and
among the group come up with a list of
questions that you have that's
outstanding from what that prospect
said. And so afterwards, I I talked to
the CEO about it. And the CEO was tough
on me, which he had all licensed to be.
He had, you know, he he like he just
wants to make his team more effective.
It's very big team, [snorts] you know,
and so I talked to him and he was really
really tough on me. And after that
session, he was like, "That was
brilliant." He was like, "Four four
minutes and 25 seconds. Are you
serious?" And we stayed on the line for
30 minutes. And I would say it's one of
my premier marquee referral clients at
this point was because of how specific
that I made it. So the point being when
you're thinking about coaching and
structuring a session, it needs to be
specific. So kind of from the top from
the session from front to end, I would
have them bring you a call. I would and
uh and send over beforehand, you've
prepared notes, they've prepared notes,
and you spend the first, I would say 30
minutes. It depends on how long the
session is. If you can do 45, if you're
only going to do 30 minutes, I'd spend
the first 20 minutes on the call of
going over your notes on the call, going
over the questions they should have been
asking, and then giving them a punchline
of the two to three things that they
should do better before next session.
And then I'd spend the last 10 minutes
or the last, you know, 20 to 30% on
giving them advice on things that they
didn't bring to you. So I looked over
all your calls and on 80% of your calls,
this is what happened. I looked at all
your calls and it looks like 95% of the
time you're calling on Tuesday morning
when the best uh the best yield rate is
going to be on Friday afternoon. So in
that second portion sometimes I even
make that portion bigger of like 50% or
or 75% because they don't know what they
don't know in terms of picking the call
that needs to be reviewed. But I would
spend the back half of basically that
call essentially reviewing all the
things that that you caught in aggregate
that they didn't know. Okay. Coaching is
sometimes is thought at of as judging.
So people in the mindset want to be seen
as their best and not looking Yeah. to
see where they can get better. It's so
true, J. Frank. It's so true. You know,
it comes down to mindset. And I think it
also comes down to does the advice
actually make the rep better. If that's
true, then often times they'll ask.
Where's the wolf?
I almost put a joke up. You also need to
work with coachable pe. Yeah,
if I was completely honest,
I think most the problem with coaching
is not coachable people. I think most of
the problem is with the coach
and I have a lot of empathy
for that. It's hard to know what
actually makes someone buy more
effectively. It is what I set out to
solve at the beginning is I'm like, how
do I construct the perfect cold call?
How do I construct the perfect, you
know, what should discovery really be
about? Now, I had several different
sales methodologies that I've been
trained on of what they said it was
about, but I still didn't believe that
it had been answered. Meaning, from all
of the methods that I knew to date, I'm
like, there's still no objective answer
is what is discovery about from the
buyer's point of view. So, I had to go
and seek that out and find my own answer
for that. like it for that essentially
that's how I got into training is I'm
like I need to I worked for a couple uh
not one but two conversation
intelligence companies meaning companies
that record your call and tell you how
to get better and not even they know you
know of what is going to actually make
someone buy they just don't know so I
have a lot of empathy but I think most
of the the blame or most of the um the
reason that most people uh fail is not
because the person wasn't coachable.
It's because the coach doesn't know what
to coach on and it's not objective and
also it doesn't make them better. I will
say I am as a leader I am very I'm
tough.
I've been called the snow queen before.
Not by men.
I've been called the snow queen before.
I have a hard time with personal stuff.
Meaning I don't I I
like I'm getting awkward just talking
about it. I'm like, I don't care about
the personal life. I understand that
that affects business life,
but I'm like, I'm counting down my in my
head the minutes, the seconds until I
can transition in and talk about work
stuff. That's just how I am as a coach.
I will say even though I struggled with
that and people knew, it wasn't that I
cared about them. It it wasn't that I
didn't care about them. It was that I
knew where I could show my care for them
and I knew what my job was. My job was
to make them better. And I understood
sometimes there are personal components
of that. But I also kept that in in
check and in tow of like my job is to
make them better, not make them feel
better. One of the biggest mistakes I
see coaches make is they protect their
team. I'm like what? From hitting their
number truly. I mean a lot of SDR
leaders will like be like, "Oh, the
activity metric's too high." I'm like,
"That's a minimum. That's an absolute
minimum." So I even though I was I I
certainly had my my gaps so to speak as
a leader,
I never had a rep turn churn on me
voluntarily churn on me. And if I had to
guess why, it's because of the value of
the coaching because I'm like, look, I
can't tell you what to do in your life.
[laughter]
I might have my gaps in terms of I don't
want to talk about you just broke up
with someone. I really don't with
anyone. But you know, if I had to guess
where I excelled, it was send this exact
email. We'd craft it together and I
reach and through and it would work,
right? So it made up for all of the the
soft cushy juju.
So they're not there for a they don't
need a friend. They need someone who can
make them better. And if your advice can
make them better, I noticed that I
almost got my reps too dependent on me.
Meaning they'd be running to me and
they'd be like, "What do I say in this
exact instance?" Because what I had said
in the instance and crafted with them,
you know, the time before actually
worked. So then they become became too
dependent too dependent on me. But it
needs to be that situation. Otherwise,
here's my challenge and push to leaders
out there. You need to get out of the
chair. If you don't like from a uh
distinctive perspective, know what will
make someone better [snorts] or you tell
someone to do something and it doesn't
work, you need to get out of a chair
until you know something that will is my
is my push and challenge to leaders out
there. Okay, let's go into the next lap.
So,
yeah. So we're going to combine probably
the next two labs of how to measure uh a
progress and drive for improvement over
time and coaching logist uh coach
coaching logistics. But this is kind of
all the the the gritty work. So what I
measure over time is it for those five
stage criteria just the objective
measures like so for instance for stage
one what percentage of the summary
points were about the client versus um
or sorry what was about your company
versus the other the prospect's company
I would measure that pers from a
perspective over time you know how much
how much did it go up or down was it 90
one day in terms of them talking and
then it went to 80 you know was it 70
and and it went to 10. So I would
measure that first piece over time. The
second stage of like when the prospect
spoke, what what percentage of the time
the rep follow up with a question. All
of these are very very objective things
that you can measure over time of like
what percentage of the time did they ask
a question as opposed to start talking,
you know, on this call and then on the
next call and then on the next call and
so on and so forth. So that's the second
thing that I would be looking at looking
for. Stage three, it's the exact same
thing. How many questions did the rep
ask on the call in total? you know, did
they ask 10 in the first call and then
they asked 15 on the second? Is it
getting better? Is it getting worse over
time? And by how much? Now, it's
important to marker of in the beginning,
you're only going to be focusing on no
matter where you are in the coaching
process, you're going to be focusing on
two to three exact things that are going
to be that are said said and um that
they're doing that need to be improved.
But I would just keep a good objective
measure of these all over time of how
many were they were they and are they
improving or or they uh not improving.
Stage four was the business problem
acquired is the same type of thing. How
what percentage of the calls were the
business problem acquired uh beforehand
and is that improving over week to week
to week. So this is more of an output
that they're having to put within the
CRM. And then the last one is
misdiagnosis versus misdiagnosis for
stage five. Did they find any? How many?
and how big was the linked impact to
each one of these and is that improving
over time. So that's kind of how to
measure things. Everything the the pain
in the butt about making everything
objective is it's there's no feeling
left in it. Meaning there's only
numbers. But the positive thing about
that is you can diagnose number one
where they went wrong. Number two where
they can improve, number three where
they digressed of like they decelerated
their progress. And like it everything's
measurable, right? So it becomes less of
a feeling versus a um versus a fact of
what's happening. One of the best things
for me in terms of I very quickly um for
a a number of different reasons is back
in what 2019 I lost a bunch of weight.
So very intentionally I I clipped off
like I mean 60 pounds within like a
couple of months. And how I did that was
math. And this is pre-ozenic too. Let me
get ahead of it. Ozic didn't even exist.
This is back in like 2019,
you [snorts] know. And how I did that
was math. Once I understood the math of
essentially I had spent my life very
thin the majority of my life and I put
on weight for a very distinct reason
which is a funny reason. It's a whole
another topic for a whole another time
what I'll never probably share. But
point being I put on weight for a very
distinctive reason. And once that reason
was gone, then I was like, "Okay, I'm
going to take all this weight off me
because it's it's not normal for me to
be this heavy." So I essentially, you
know, studied right off the bat. I'm
like, "How do I do this?" And once I
unders, one of the things that I didn't
understand was plateaus. Why do you
plateau? Like you eat healthier, then
you start to lose weight, and then all
of a sudden you plateau. And I had to
understand the math of plateaus before I
could essentially even start the
journey. And what once I understood that
whole thing of like, okay, well, you
burn more calories the heavier you are.
So when you are weigh let's say 300
pounds versus you weigh 200 pounds,
you're going to burn more calories per
mile at 300 lbs than you are 200 lb. And
the maintenance calories get lower and
higher dependent on on what weight you
are. So what a plateau is essentially
that you you were losing weight when you
were heavier because the amount of the
the amount of calories that you were
burning with a certain amount of working
out that you were doing and the amount
of deficit that you had based on the
maintenance calories that you needed to
eat at the time you cause a deficit. But
once that that deficit will start to
dwindle and dwindle and dwindle because
you're burning less calories as you're
getting thinner and you also your
maintenance calories get lower. So the
plateau is where that state of
inflection point meets. Once I
understood that and just the the
logistics of ma of of weight loss, it
was easy because I understood the math
of it and I understood the system behind
it. And so it took evaporated out all of
the feeling out of lo like losing weight
like I feel like I'm not losing weight.
I feel like I am kind of thing that I
knew inputs would cause outputs, right?
So I would think about coaching in terms
of that of like you know how many
questions did I ask? It should be less
about well I feel that I asked a lot of
questions or too many. It's just like I
asked this many and so over time I know
that if I ask more questions then I'm
going to do be more effective as a
coach.
Sorry as a rep when to do it as a rep
and as a coach. I would for sure at the
beginning of every day 15 minutes listen
to your own calls or listen to their
calls. And what I would do is listen to
them in aggregate. Meaning you don't
have have to listen to the entire thing,
but I would make a habit of 15 minutes a
year spending doing the listening habit
and that you're and to me that you're
listening in aggregate. Meaning I would
scan through all the emails that my rep
sent for the first 15 minutes of the day
the day before.
So there was nothing that happened that
I didn't know about,
you know, which wasn't a micromanaging
thing. It was a data thing of like my
job is to get them better. If I can't
get them better, then it's on me, right?
So I would listen to them in aggregate
15 minutes at the beginning of the day,
you know, so that I can understand what
is happening. And I would also give it
that primary time of, you know, you just
drank coffee, you kind of like um have a
lot of motivation going on. So, I would
give it the prime spot because one thing
that you can do to get better is listen
to coaching, effective coaching, and
learn about your buyer. So, I would do
both of those at the beginning of the
day for 15 minutes a piece. That's it in
terms of the logistics and um everything
with everything with coaching. I'm going
to give this story and then we're going
to close out for the day. The story is
this. The term coaching actually comes
from back in uh late 1800s at Oxford.
There was a group of tutors that uh well
back in that period of time where how
you travel from location location was by
horse and buggy essentially. And what
that vehicle was called where you held
people was a coach. And so tutors would
tutor their students so well that it was
a slang term that they would say I
essentially I tutored them so well
that the reason that they got the A that
they did they would say I coached them
meaning it's like I shoved them in the
vehicle and I'm the horse and I took
them there. I took the test almost for
them. That's how effective my co that
training that tutoring session was. And
now it's become a very watered down term
and people know that they need coaching
and people know that they should coach
but because of the efficacy of it I just
haven't seen a lot of teams really lean
into it. So the things that I would
focus on is not it is not should I do
this or should I not do this. It's what
are the things that my reps are doing
and what are the things that I can train
them on and coach them on that will make
them better tomorrow in terms of
numbers. You have to look at it like
they are in terms of numbers. So the
difference between training and coaching
is training is I'm going to walk you
scholastically through something.
Coaching is for each person where are
they specific person where are they
falling down and how are they falling
down and when and why and what can I
subscribe to them to do about it so that
they can be better tomorrow than they
are today in terms of effectiveness in
terms of their numbers. So that's it.
That's everything in terms of coaching
for today. Speaking of coaching, look
who ended way early. Way early.
I like how it's it's actually four
o'clock on the dot, which is what in the
beginning I said said
we're going to be doing even though I
added way early. That is everything for
coaching. Thanks so much for coming
today. Tomorrow we're going to be
jumping we're going to be going back to
prospecting. So, we're going to be uh
jumping back to prospecting and we're
going to go into um uh coaching for uh I
believe this is maybe I'm reading this
wrong. I believe we're doing coaching.
Yeah, we're doing coaching for the um uh
STR side of the house. So, now that
we've done AE, how do we coach SDRs?
They're very different because the role
is so different and what you need to do
to be successful is different. So, tune
in tomorrow. I'm going to be posting a
video for speed track or short track
later. If you are watching from home, I
would definitely watch short track speed
track. It's been amazing being able to
watch that. It went from I didn't know
how it was going to be, but it certainly
is number one on my list now. So, thanks
everyone so much for coming. I will see
you tomorrow and we're going to pick up
on coaching for SDRs and yeah, Ari Vi
for now. Ciao y'all.
