Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Becc Holland",
  "channel_name": "Flip the Script",
  "video_id": "wwmk5fWxFSc",
  "title": "The 2026 Cold (Outreach) Olympics: Day 13",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwmk5fWxFSc",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Bonjouro everyone.
How's it going everyone?
Happy happy. Hello. Hello. We already
have people in the chat. Oh my gosh.
Jean. Hello. Bonjour. I miss the R. I
miss the French R. As much as I never
thought I would say Genen Morgan
Buenos.
You guys are killing me. As much as I
thought uh John Jean Franis that I would
never miss the French R, I miss it a
little bit because when I came here men
first thing he was like you're letting
that R rip
because I I miss uh How's it going
Kirsten? I missed miss being able to
roll my Rs and my Rs being somewhat um
somewhat simplistic and being near the
front of my mouth. Um, so I have been
loving the Italian over the last, you
know, 10 days. Uh, how long have we been
doing this? 10 days, 12 days at this
point. No, 16 days. I think I've been in
in Italy for 16 days. Um, but point
being, I kind of miss the R now. I kind
of miss having to work for it.
Uh, another side note, I went to figure
skating last night and I saw Katarina
Wit uh and uh several different things
that surprised me. I saw Snoop Dogg.
Snoop Dogg was there last night at
women's uh singles women's it was
singles uh freekate basically the finals
for it and uh several things surprised
me. Katarina Wit was there uh Snoop Dogg
was there and there is something y'all
can't tell. Y'all can't tell all the
other Americans because they won't
understand. They just won't understand.
They won't understand me, y'all. But
when I see the French flag, I just I get
really warm and I start rooting for
France really heavily. So, there was a
French skater last night. She didn't do
too too well. She fell. And every single
time one of them comes out, I get really
really warm and I start cheering really
loud. So, I learned that I think that I
I am French at heart. Um even though
I've been out of France for the last
couple weeks. Anywh who, how's it going
everyone? How is the week going? We are
going to be going into a really really
topic today. Today, um the topic on hand
today is cold email.
Y'all left me hanging. By the way, I
asked y'all, Kirsten, Jay, Frank,
Robert, I asked y'all to come up with a
pun for men's slalom,
and I never heard anything in the chat.
It's gone now. You know what? It's gone.
We can't even make the pun anymore
because medal is over. But I was looking
for a way to hook that to some kind of
cold sales topic. Um and uh you know, I
didn't I didn't get it. I didn't get it.
I never had a pun, so I just didn't even
put a video out. Point being, okay, so
we're going to jump into cold email. So
there are a lot of different sections
today. We're going to try and cover it
in one day. So that's why I'm being
relatively on time. So men, why don't we
uncharacter uncharacteristically go
ahead and jump in? So the first topic
we're going to be leading with today is
going to be email deliverability. So
y'all are probably so sick of hearing
about this,
but
email deliverability is a very big
issue. It is one of the issues that
prevents for sure is one of the main
contributors to preventing teams from um
hitting quota. only 59% of emails
actually wind in the um primary inbox.
So you might say like, well, they still
might get it even if it doesn't wind in
the in the primary inbox. I did. You
have to get past the gatekeeper.
Damn,
Kirsten. What a good one. You know,
shame on men. Men's the one who didn't
put it up. You know, M men Men when we
we showed up today, um Men was in his
big fuzzy hoodie, but it's a blanket.
It's really blanket. And he was telling
me how cold he is. I'm like, "Bro, I'm
in the middle of the Winter Olympics,
man. I'm sorry. Please don't cut the
program. Please don't cut the program."
Such a good tie. Anyho, so cold email
deliverability. The first thing to think
about or one of the most important
things to think about when it comes to
cold to email is are they going to the
primary inbox? Only 59% of them are wind
even the primary inbox. And you might
say um that uh well people check their
spam and their their um social promos
folder folder but extremely less likely.
So obviously primary inbox is going to
be the the a place that we want to uh
want to land and there's about half of
email deliverability that comes up to
the technical setup meaning things that
you can do as an organization and about
half of them that you can do from the
rep behavior um meaning things that you
can do as a rep or as a team to be able
to um increase those numbers. So the
things from the technical setup is I
would make sure essentially that you
have DKIM setup demark SPF are going to
be really um demark DKIM SPF and uh
custom tracking link all set up. So if
you don't know what those are and you're
part of sales ops let's say or you're
part of sales enablement it's kind of
one of those those things that if you
don't know it you probably likely don't
have it. So that's from the technical
setup that I would look into those
things. Some people have talked about um
are you uh are you blacklisted? So a
good me measure that you're blacklisted
and one of the common myths about email
deliverability is that there's one
central blacklist. It's not a federal
thing. There's several different
blacklists that you can wind up on. You
usually have to take some pretty
egregious act actions to wind up on a
blacklist. And a sign of that is going
to be I would say less than 1% open rate
consistently over time. that means that
you're likely blacklisted, you know, and
I would try it out for several emails.
It doesn't mean if you're uh blacklisted
for one email or sorry that if you get
that kind of open rate for one email
that you're necessarily blacklisted over
time though, that's what it could mean.
So you almost think of it like federal
deliverability, your own behaviors, and
then the behaviors that are triggered um
by the prospect's response.
So you can win points and you can kind
of lose points from an email
deliverability perspective. And what
they're trying to do is they're trying
to guard against uh they're trying to
protect inbox uh the inbox experience
for the the recipient.
So fun fact, there are 20,000 engineers
over at Google. I make the joke that I
think about 19,000 of them over are
after us after our traits and behaviors.
And what they're looking for is
patterns. So, what I mean by protect
inbox experience is they're trying to
ensure that there's not a lot of spam.
There's not a lot of mail that's coming
in unsolicited and unwarranted that the
buyer didn't ask for, that the prospect
didn't ask for, the the recipient didn't
ask for. Because if I get, let's say, a
hundred emails that are from someone
that I don't know within, you know, in
two hours, I'm not going to blame each
one of these senders because I simply
put can't. Who I'm going to blame is the
inbox service provider. So essentially,
that's what they're trying to protect
against. And so there's a certain amount
of things that make you uh lose lose
trust and gain trust with them. So I I
usually liken it to my sister has four
kids, girl, boy, girl, girl, boy, and
Elliot, the oldest, she um is about to
turn 14.
So she, which is really really funny
what I'm about to say. So she went
through Valentine's Day and apparently f
she didn't say this. She's very shy,
very studious, likes to read a lot, but
really sassy, but she's just, you know,
really shy. And um she's very much an
introvert. Um and uh her brothers and
sisters rooted out for her. There there
were five gentlemen, five gentlemen
callers who asked her to be their
Valentine.
And she said no to all of them. Oh my,
that a girl. Good girl. She said no to
all of them. But all my uh all her my
nieces and nephews, her brothers and
sisters were were talking about it. And
I was thinking about it. I'm like,
there's going to be come a time point in
time where she's going to start dating.
As much as I hate it, I genuinely hate
that idea.
And I'm like, there are I taught her. I
said, Elliot, let me teach you the rules
of boys.
Just say no a hundred times.
She goes, "About what?" I was like,
"Doesn't matter. Just say no. Just say
no a 100 times. Can you pass the salt?"
No. Say no a hundred times before you
even think about saying yes to anything.
Anything. Because I'm trying to protect
her, right? I'm like, "No news is good
news." So, there are certain I'm
assuming certain, you know, dates in the
future, certain boys that are going to
make me nervous and more nervous than
others.
But all of them make me nervous. Why?
because she's going out of the house and
she's leaving the house and I don't know
what's going to happen. That's kind of
how an inbox service provider is with
email deliverability. So, if you are to
send someone links, let's say, and they
click have to click on the link to go
somewhere else and it leads them
somewhere else out of that inbox service
provider. Any kind of link is going to
lead them out of this in the inbox,
which means it's going to make them
nervous. So, they're going to deliver it
less. Now there are some links that make
them ner more nervous than others like
if it's a broken path let's say or it's
an unverified site let's say. So I would
just think about that generally speaking
are you keeping them in inbox or are you
leading them somewhere else? So how
email deliverability works is it works
collectively as a domain as a team and
over time. So if you were to do really
atrocious things to it within reason,
but with really atrocious things uh for
your deliverability health today, but
then you were good, you know, for the
next couple of couple of weeks, then
then it would even out essentially. It
depends on what you did, but it would
even out. But I would think about it
from that perspective of it's kind of
like a diet. If I eat a bag of cookies
today, then that's not great. But if I
eat vegetables over over the course of
the next two weeks and it's going to
improve it over time and I'll be I'll be
good over time. So, um I would think
about it in terms of as a group. There's
nothing you can do to isolate the
behavior from you know someone someone
else let's say um like one person for
the team. It's unfortunately as a
domain. So you can win points and you
can lose points. What help you win
points is when uh when people forward
you, when people reply, when people add
you to their contacts or they save you
from move you from another folder or
they save you from spam. And then what
what makes you lose points over time is
if people block you, if they
unsubscribe, if they delete, if they
delete you before opening um your email
is going to be a double doozy. So those
are the things that kind of win you and
lose you points from the prospect
behavioral side. But the the tips that I
have in terms of how to help and hurt
with deliverability. So less links the
better. No more I I would say like if
you have a link in your signature to
your phone to your LinkedIn to your
website every single time you include a
link is is like another date with
Elliot. Right? So it makes me nervous.
So I'm going to I'm going to deliver it
less. Um no caps like all caps will
really hurt you. Red font, oddly enough,
hurts you. If you send any more than 50
a day, it's going to hurt you. So, some
people yell at me. They're like, "How do
you personalize it scale?" And I'm like,
"Well,
by personalization, let's set the the
northstar of 50 emails because I sending
any more than 50 emails that I'm going
to uh be cutting off my nose just by my
face anyway." Um, I would avoid uh same
subject lines. That's a very big hitter.
Meaning if you have a template, if you
have a cadence, let's say, or you have a
um a sequence, let's say, and there's
five emails built within outreach, for
instance, then uh all five of them, you
would say, need to have a different
subject line. But it's not even just
that. It's that each email that you send
has to have a different subject line.
So, if I send one and you know, Min
sends an email, let's say, to to someone
at at a different organization, even
though we're different senders, and even
though it's different recipients, if it
has the same subject line, it's
markering us as a domain. So, something
to think about. Any more than uh no more
than 50 emails, I wouldn't send them all
at one time, like 1:00, let's say, or
all at 1:30. And I wouldn't send them at
equidistant times. So like 1 105 110 115
120 125 you have to keep in mind they
are studying patterns. So anytime you
have a pattern that looks like a robot
and not a real person that's when you're
going to get hurt. There's a number of
words that you should avoid. You know,
for instance, um problem solution
increase, free 100% discount. Um you
know, anything uh not spam will oddly
enough hurt you, but meant I'm gonna get
t
actually the the cold email resource one
that we have in the chat. That would be
really helpful. I'm sorry about my
comments on your hoodie hoodie. It's a
blanket, y'all. It's a big fuzzy blanket
that makes him look like a peep.
It's the best hoodie ever, man. So,
point being after I told them all your
secret, your spicy secret, can you put
the the uh email on one shooter in the
chat that has a list exhaustive of the
words that I know. Now, you have to keep
in mind I conglomerated these from a
number of different lists. Inbox service
providers aren't going to go through the
hard work of putting together a list
that helps them identify you and then
publish it online. That's just not how
it's going to work. But this was a
common study among all of the uh lists
that I did find online. You know, what
are some of the words that will really
really hurt you? Uh also GIFs and uh
GIFs will hurt you or GIFs, however you
want to say it. And any more images uh
images are fine unless it's over four. I
don't know why you need more than four.
Like here's what I ate for breakfast and
lunch and you know snack and dinner and
then you're going to start seeing some
churns. So any more than uh four is
going to hurt you. And if your entire um
email is as one image. So for instance
for marketing, if you're sending out a
newsletter, if it's all one image, it's
going to hurt you. So none of these
things are going to kill you, but if you
do enough of these behaviors over time,
then it's going to, you know, increase
and increase and increase the likelihood
that they're not going to be delivering
the email. So that's the most important
thing to think about. The reason I say
it's the most important thing to think
about is it doesn't matter if you were
relevant if you didn't even wind up in
the inbox. It doesn't matter if the the
the email was readable, if you didn't
even, you know, they didn't even get the
email. So that's why I say it's the most
important thing to think about is
because it's most critical. And then
there's the user themselves. I have a
customer has 50k unread emails in his
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Robert's Robert's
keying in on of like, okay, well then
does the person actually open it, you
know, because of the amount of emails
that they have. So generally speaking, a
kind of to Robert's point, anything that
um
anything that typical sales people do, I
would not do. You know why? Because
everyone else does it. At minimum, even
if it's a good behavior, which lines of
the time it's not, even if it's a good
behavior, you have to keep in mind it's
a normal behavior. And what we normally
do with sales emails, once we categorize
them in our brain as sales emails is we
we trash them. We hit delete. So, I
would just think about that of when
you're talking a certain way or doing a
certain thing. You know, for instance,
most uh uh reps will send cold emails on
Monday morning. You know, it's just a
very common time. Most reps have the
point of view that nobody emails on cold
on uh Friday afternoon and that's why
it's the most effective is I mean one of
the reasons why it's the most effective
is because uh there much much less
people sending cold emails. So just look
at your inbox over the course of the
next week
meaning Monday through Friday and just
pay attention to how many emails you get
from outside vendors and when. And it's
it it will shock you. I mean, it shocks
me at least of like Monday morning,
every single morning, I'm gonna wake up
and there's going to be an implosion of
cold emails and then Friday afternoon,
it's going to be not a peak, not a peak
from people. So, I would just think
through that from a behavioral
perspective.
Okay, let's go into lap two. Are y'all
hearing the the the wear in my voice?
I feel like I competed for the gold
medal for ice skating
last night. It was really fun, y'all. It
was really fun. the the ice skating. Uh
it's really interesting, especially the
the women are I mean I don't even know
how they do what they do. Some of them
especially I'm like they're five foot
tall. I'm like how are they making that
quad happen or that triple happen? So
okay, we're going to go into lap number
two which is email read email
readability, excuse me, and subject
lines. So email readability and subject
lines. So let's start with subject
lines. If you do me a favor, if you pay
attention to or go to your um your uh
well, first of all, I'd click on your
your spam and your yeah, your spam and
your social promotions folder, and I
would start to look through what winds
up in those boxes so you can get to know
what does your inbox service provider
count as as spam. It will help you get
to know it.
But something else that I would do is
the most evergreen judge in my opinion
for um for uh cold or the most evergreen
teacher for cold email is actually
yourself. So I would look through the
messages that people send you meaning
cold emails, LinkedIn messages, and just
start to study the pattern. What they
say when they say it, what they do, how
did you know when it was a sales email?
what words were like did actually
transpire to trigger you that it's a a
sales email and just really start to
study what is normal for sales reps. The
reason that I say that is one of the
biggest things that you're going to have
to do is interrupt the pattern that
you're a sales rep. So, we're using
about the same 250 words. Hope you're
well. You know, the happy Monday. Hope
you and your kids are doing safe during
these uncertain times. Uh just checking
in, just following up. Just circling
back, just bubbling this to the top of
the inbox. Happy Monday. Hope uh sorry.
Um uh I'm with blank. We're the number
one blank who helps blank with blank. We
work with leaders just like you. Quick
question. Struggling SEO optimization.
Uh 15 minutes quick coffee chat. Cheers.
My CEO sent me your way. I was really
impressed by your profile. You know, I
really was impressed by your background.
I admire your background. You know, I
have gotten an exorbitant amount of
emails recently where someone's like, "I
really admire your content." And then I
read the rest of the pitch and I'm like,
"This has nothing to number one nothing
to do with the content, but you're
telling me that you or you're trying to
advertise to me uh pipeline services.
I'm a trainer on pipeline."
So, did you admire
I don't care if you admire my content,
but the point being people are being
more and more and more aggressive about
things that they're where it looks like
it's personalization where it's it's
it's not, you know, it's it's uh not
actual true personalization. So I would
think through from a subject line
perspective one of the most evergreen
pattern interrupts and there's you know
kind of like how the subject uh line
cold email world works is someone comes
out with something then everyone uses it
and then it's dead except for one thing.
The one thing that will always be a
pattern interrupt
that no one uses truly no one that will
always be effective is personalization.
And the reason that I I say that is
because
I like you would think over the years I
I cannot I cannot count I mean I I I
couldn't even begin to count how many
times I have quote unquote like lectured
or talked on personalization at scale.
And when I do the double down into what
people are sending it's never
personalization.
It's always a trigger. Maybe, you know,
it's like people who download a content
or people who have a certain level of
title and it in their head it's
personalization, but true
personalization
no one is doing. They just aren't doing.
And I mean that from the bottom of my
heart. Now, they're coming up with a lot
of reasons. A lot of, if I may,
reasons why not to do why not to do it
of like, oh, I should only send it to
enterprise or you can't do it at scale
or yada yada yada. But I'm telling you,
true personalization works. And where I
would I would showcase that is in your
subject line. If you say you said and
then put quotes around it and you clip
something that they said, you know,
either in their about me section or, you
know, comment, you know, or uh any kind
of article. So some people will say,
well, not everyone has articles back.
We're not selling into sales. I'm like,
well, to be fair, I don't even have
articles on my profile, but people are
people are, even though less than 1% of
LinkedIn is active, meaning they're
posting once a week or more, people are
commenting. And that also has nothing to
do with their about me section. Their
about me section just is are they on
LinkedIn, not are they active on
LinkedIn. So, I would use some type of
personalization. If it were me, that
will always get an open, very commonly
get an open. I would say anywhere
upwards of 65 to 85% dep dependent upon
email deliverability issues. But I would
think from a subject line perspective if
if you are a sales rep, I would be
remiss of like put some clip of
personalization that's true
personalization. I will give you an
example I of
aggressive personalization is or people
are trying to look personalized without
it being personalized. I got a video
from two other content creators. if they
you you know who you are by the
following story even though I haven't
responded. I'm sorry.
I got a video from them and I clicked on
it and I'm like, "Oh, shoot. If I click
on this, they're going to know." Which
of course they did. Of course they do.
I'm sure by now. So I click on the video
and it's talking about it's gassing me
up and it's like what can we do to get
back on this webinar blah blah blah. And
it was really sweet video, but knowing
their capability and knowing how young
young they are. My first thought and it
was specific about me like it mentioned
my name. It was like what can we do to
get they call me a heavy hitter to get
I'm like man I'm shocked that I didn't
respond. It's just because the Olympics
they're like what can we do to get a
heavy hitter on our our webinar like and
then they mentioned my name but my first
thought was not this is really nice.
That was my second thought. My first
thought was is this AI? have they found
out a way to do this using AI? So, I
didn't respond until they sent me a
second message the other day. I still
haven't responded, but now I'm like,
okay, this actually was to me, but I
didn't respond thinking there is a very
good chance scenario that they have
learned how to use AI to do this and I'm
not going to be the one person who falls
for it kind of thing. So for subject
lines, I would think through when you're
using personalization, using something
that proves to them that they you are
going onetoone essentially. So um some
other tips on email um uh or subject
lines. I would say any kind of marketing
language or sales language that's common
you have to avoid. So a great example of
this is I don't even actually write our
emails. Men writes all of them. I I
don't know if this is very like Wizard
of Oz moment, but people be like, "Great
email, Mike. It wasn't me, it was men."
And men does an increasingly
increasingly increasingly effective job
over the you know, it's been incredible
just to watch his how much like cleaner
cleaner cleaner cleaner like better
better better. There's been times where
I've called him and I'm like I think
that you've outrun me. I think that you
can write a better cold cold email than
me at this point. I have like an
existential crisis. But the point is is
the things that he does really well is
his subject lines he pattern interrupts.
So I would think of is this common to
see in subject lines?
If it is then uh if it's common in
subject lines you can't use it. If it's
normal sales and marketing language then
you can't use it. So a lot of people
when they've gotten my emails before you
know meaning the ones that I use they
would they would say something like well
I don't talk this way. And I'm like well
nobody does. That's the point. So you
can't use any common term. So those 250
terms I just gave you, it's not that
they're bad, it's that they're normal.
And so what like it triggers in their
head this is a normal sales email. What
I normally do with the sales email is I
normally delete it. So I would just
think that through in terms of the
actual email itself,
no more than four lines, five max. I
would not do two lines in a paragraph. I
would do all the lines separate. Any
long blocks of text people can't read.
Acronyms are your friend.
punctuation, especially when odd
punctuation is your friend. So, you'll
notice a lot in our writing, my writing,
and men's writing that we'll do uh an
ellipses. And the reason is it's odd
punctuation. So, it it it catches people
off guard, you know. So again, your mind
is tricked. It is trained into basically
surfacing to you for the top the things
that look abnormal because it needs to
evaluate whether from a threat
perspective, do I need to run away from
this thing? Do I need to fight this
thing or is this thing okay? And so your
brain is trained with the R uh RA
system, the reticular activation system
basically sitting at the bottom of your
brain stem makes you pay attention to
what looks not normal. that is what it's
it's making you pay attention to because
the normal things you've already
evaluated and you know what to do with.
So if I normally see a stop sign, you
know, or I normally see a uh a a tree
with some birds in it, then I have
normally evaluated that that it's okay
that I can keep walking. So anything
abnormal grabs your your attention. Less
company mentions the better. If you're
going to do it, do it once at the
bottom. But I'd say generally speaking,
the more brief the better. and four to
five lines max and I would use heavy
irregular control.
>> I sort of got that one. Sort of got that
one.
That reminds me of this is a very it
probably inappropriate comment but if I
look I'm not even going to say it. You
know what y'all? I'm turning 40 on March
1st and I uh I'm really encouraged with
myself just now. I just filtered
something
at 39.99 years old. I learned how to
filter something that I shouldn't say.
See, Mom, I told you it would happen.
Yes, I'm always amused by the cold
emails that tell me they're impressed at
my profile and want to help me.
Sorry. If you're watching this live or
or you're paying attention, everyone go
like Robert's comment. If you are
watching this in in recording or you're
listening to it, basically Robert said
um that he loves when he gets um emails
that say they're impressed by his
profile, then ask if he needs help
financing going to a certain university,
which he's not going to that university.
Totally. People do that to me all the
time. They're like I mean I'm on a
certain amount of boards and so they'll
be like you know they'll they'll talk
about hiring at that company you know
say Seno for instance I'm on Seno sports
shout out Senozo and Chris and they'll
be like do you need hire do you what
about your hiring needs at Syndo and I'm
like bro I don't work full-time at Syndo
meaning I'm an advisor that's what old
crotchy advisors like us do is you know
we we don't work full-time there so
point being I get some wild stuff like
the PE the amount of people trying to
sell me pipeline services is crazy that
I'm like y'all I help with pipeline
services
meaning you know I help train teams to
write better better emails so that they
can uh book more pipelines so they're
like I'm really impressed by your
profile by the way do you want to
they're a competitor
so anyh who I'm like well this makes me
feel a little bit better
okay let's jump in to lot three
cold email is a very interesting game.
Lab three is very or you know everyone
involved in in cold email. So lap three
is five types of emails, breakup and
bump emails and what content include.
But you know the interesting thing about
cold email is everyone has an opinion
and a very indignant opinion about cold
email.
Meaning
because there's not that real-time
feedback of someone hanging up the phone
on you, everyone thinks they're right.
Even if their open rate or reply rate is
01, you know, it's just what people
think. It's the I think game. I would
say
extremely few people have looked at the
actual data behind emails. I'm going to
go ahead and put myself out on the line.
beds of statistics when it comes to cold
email. Here's from here's one that I'm
not going to filter. They're not real.
Beds of statistics around cold email.
Best case, and you have to keep in mind,
they would have to uh get get all of
their user data to be able to study
that, which they haven't. They haven't
asked for permission for. So, if they're
doing it, they're doing it illegally. So
if they have all this information, you
know, let's say that they have three
billion cold emails like they say that
they they have, they would need, I don't
know, upwards of 150 to 200 Microsoft
engineer and statisticians to be able to
study it, which they don't. But even if
they did have that, you know, they would
need an exorbitant amount of time. So
when any kind of vendor says we've
studied three billion emails, keep in
mind the amount of time to study that
amount of unstructured data, I I can't
even go into the amount of time that
that that would take. And best case
scenario, even if you did do that,
you're introducing different industries.
You're introducing different periods of
time. You're introducing you would also
have to have the statistics into their
CRM of what was actually effective, what
actually booked a meeting, which they
don't. And even if they did, they are
studying something that is correlative,
not causational. And they might
represent that within the the
infographic, but you know, correlation
and causation. The difference is it's
like saying, well, there's a um people
who eat ice cream correlates a high
amount of people who eat ice cream
correlates to uh a lot of uh sunburns, a
high amount of sunburns. So, if you want
less sunburns, just eat less ice cream
kind of thing. So point being, I would
be extremely cautious slashnot read
those statistics. They could be
extremely misleading and unfounded. But
point being in terms of the cold's
emails, I always when anyone tells me
something to do, you know, um or anyone
gives me information or data, I always
question the heck out of the quality of
the data, which nine times out of 10,
it's going to blow over, you know, if I
just go at it with one one question. But
even if it doesn't, I would take it into
consideration that there's a number of
different variables that could skew the
results from what your actual use case
is. So in terms of the five types of
emails that you can send or uh the the
five types of emails that I send in my
sequence,
um three of them have a line of
personalization. Two of the original
thread, two of them are response emails,
meaning bump emails.
And where you're always going to get the
most results are going to be email one,
email two, regardless of who's the who
the writer is, email one, email two, and
then email five if you do it
appropriately, which is a breakup email.
A lot of spicy takes around breakup
emails, I'll just say this for me and my
breakup emails for sure, like over the
last,
let's see, how long have I been doing
this? In terms of like monomomaniacal
study on email, I would say the last 10
years, the last decade, the break of
email is always the strongest. Now, how
people normally write them, that's not
true. But the breakup emails is is the
strong in terms of response rate and
booked meeting rate and the level of
decision maker. So those middle emails
are always going to be the trough
emails. And where I quote unquote
multi-thread, I would never multi-thread
without a reason. Meaning I would never
attach an email reply to an email
without a reason. So in email uh one,
three and four are single threads. Email
two and or sorry one one three and five
are single threads. Email two and four
are multi-threads meaning I am um
responding to an email but usually I do
it with a reason. So um in the fourth
email I'm falling on my sword. In the
second email it's because I'm doubling
down on the personalization that was
just sent. So you can kind of get the um
the lift off of two emails. I full
disclosure could not stand the idea of a
response email or a a multi-thread email
until I saw the data outreach back in
the day said, "Hey, you need to look
what what they called the Egoji email or
the Egoji sequence. They said, "Hey, you
need to take a look at this." And so I
saw the email and the email just said,
"Any thoughts?" And I'm like, "Well, I
hate it. I hate the idea of that email,
but the statistics showed, you know, of
like the data is the data, right? So,
I'm an opinion I'm a data girl, but I'm
an opinionated data girl. One that looks
at the actual data and doesn't let my
ego normally get in the way. And so,
when I looked at the data, I'm like,
this works. One thing that I would think
about for all emails is I would always
include a piece of value. Meaning there
either needs to be a question asked, a
statistic given, or a piece of content
given that is valuable to the to the
buyer. So regardless of whether the
buyer responds or doesn't respond, they
should find value from your email.
Meaning they should learn something that
they didn't know or be given access to
some something where they can learn
something that they didn't know. That is
the value of a cold email. If,
excuse me, if that is not true, if
there's nothing in your your cold email
that does that, I would say you need to
re re-evaluate the cold email of whether
I should send it uh whether I should
send it overall. So, in terms of the the
actual emails that you can send, I would
send uh two two emails that are um two
emails that are multi-threaded emails,
three that are single thread the and I
would ask them a question within email
one, three, and four. And basically the
question needs to be around their
tactical problems, their root causes.
Typically finding an unknown is going to
be more helpful than anything. And where
I would include a piece of content is on
in email two and in email five. So from
a timing perspective, I always say to be
more light on the front end and more
aggressive near the back end in terms of
timing in terms of how quick you are to
follow up and how aggressive you are in
in in terms of the interval of the
steps. But the piece of content that I
would include in email two would be
written and then in email five would be
a piece of auditory content. So I you
want to make sure that they it's
important to have a pattern but to not
be it it's important to have a structure
but for the structure to be dynamic and
there being use cases where you abandon
the structure. So the importance of a
structure is otherwise we can't measure
anything and we don't know where we're
going. But the importance of within a
structure is that you don't make it so
robotic to where it h it number one it
should always be based on how they're
responding and number two it can't sound
so robotic to where they they pick up
that it's that it's some kind of uh
pattern. So the the long and the short
of it is for the content that you send I
would always focus on third-party
content meaning you haven't authored it
your company hasn't authored it.
Marketing teams hate me when I say this,
but the thing is is that if you author
it, then the person inherently is going
to trust it less, you know, and a lot of
times it's talking about the product or
it's talking about, you know, use cases
or case studies, which is not what
people want to hear, especially in a
prospecting email. You have to keep in
mind you're going outbound, meaning this
person has no need based on what they
know to buy anything like you.
And you know, the statistics show it
that we're we're looking to run into the
slim slim slim and I mean razor sharp
slim number of a percentage of the
market that's already in market but just
hasn't reached out to us yet or didn't
know that we exist. So instead of going
after those people, I'm trying to create
new demand by going after people that
have a problem that didn't know that
they have a problem. So the content
should always be anchored to I would say
uh there's the French flag. I would say
third-party articles that are not after
you looking like the hero. Third-party
content, it gives you a good chance to
highlight another author, which is
always a really good look. And a um and
it will increase the likelihood that
they they believe it because um because
it wasn't written by you, just it being
third party author, there's a lot of
strength to that even though as annoying
as it is. So like it's the the the
statistics are really ver like extremely
clear in terms of what people trust and
don't trust. So they look at 20
different variables and the top in the
top three are reviews regardless of who
the reviewer was or what the background
was or was there any kind of agenda with
the reviewer. It doesn't matter. It
doesn't matter. They trust it more
because there's less of a bias than the
actual vendor doing it. So, in terms of
content that you send over, I would pick
a third-party piece of content and I
would uh more clickbaity the better.
Meaning top 15, top 20, top 40 things to
not say in 2020 in 2026 for instance,
it's it's annoying, but that is what
when you can structure something, that's
when people will start to read it. And I
would tease out a specific point of
interest. So, you know, good example,
you could say, I thought you might, PS,
I thought you might like this article on
X, Y, and Z or the top 20 questions that
sales leaders should be asking in 2026,
especially question number three of do I
have a custom tracking link set up, you
know, no need to respond. That's always
going to be a way that I can unhost
people sending over content like that
with something specific to stuff that
they like
that one. It's because the French flag
was in the background.
Email five, I would focus on vid the
same idea but video content. So, you
know, webinar, podcast, I just change up
the format so it's not like article
after article after article after
article. One other point and then we're
going to move on into the next lap that
I I think is worth mentioning.
The reason that I know how what not to
do is because I've done it.
So, you're more than welcome to
take not take this advice and make make
these mistakes. But the reason, for
instance, that I always recommend a
piece of written content and then a a um
a uh piece of of uh verbal content is
because there was a number of different
buyers at one point where I would send,
you know, written piece of content,
written piece of content, written piece
of content. There was a number of buyers
that responded that were like, "What is
the play here?
meaning they could see a pattern in it.
Right? So, the reason that I know what
not to do is because I've done it so
aggressively and I've gotten feedback
from it in the past. So, one of the
things you do have to take into
consideration is is every email
different and does every email include a
unique piece of value and uh is every
even in terms of format? You can't just
send article after article after article
after article because they'll kind of
get to feel the play and any anytime
that they feel, you know, like something
is is a motion, which to some degree it
is. Meaning we have to have structure,
but if they start to feel like they're
just a number, then they can from a site
view, they can react in some pretty
negative ways. Okay. Should we discuss
the product in the first email? Should
it focus entirely on them? Good
question. I would never discuss the
product in any email if it's a cold
email ever in in my opinion. Um, the
reason is, you know,
like let's say that you are describing a
product, a different type of ski for the
kind of skiing that she's doing right
now in the background. I don't even know
what that is. I don't even know what
problem like if you describe the type of
ski that she she has or the type of ski
that you sell, I wouldn't even know what
you're talking about. Why? because I
don't know that I have a problem like
you should essentially be doubling down
on a problem that they hypothetically
don't know about. So instead of jumping
to the product of what problem it would
solve, you need to go to the problem of
understanding do they have this problem
that is typically one they don't know
about. Even the the the main slippery
slope that I see a lot of people going
down in majority is they are going after
a problem not a product but they're
going after a problem that people
already know about. So if people already
know about and you're going outbound it
means that by definition you're not
going to have much response. Why?
Because if it was bad enough based on
what they knew they would have they
would have already made a motion to do
something about it and no need for the
outbound. So I would be after describing
the type the profile of buyer that has
the problem that you think they might
have that you think they might not know
about. But I would never go into
product. I mean I don't know you should
be creating a need instead of attracting
a pre-existing need. So how you create a
need is not by talking about a product.
It's you know describing a you know of
like for instance email deliverability
that people don't know about a lot.
Instead of saying here's an email
deliverability warm-up service,
if I even if I went into the intrinsic
components of that, the fact is is that
you know I don't know that I need an
email deliverability warm-up service.
Why? I don't know that I have an email
deliverability problem. So the things
that I would key in around is helping
them self-identify
if they have like for a lot of a a lot
of problems you can see on the from the
overt perspective or you can see signs
of it of the pro that the problem exists
that they don't know about. A lot of
them you can't meaning I can't know
someone's open rate from an email
delivery buility view right I just can't
I I don't know that number internally
but you should be after describing a way
to help them self- select that they are
in that group that they potentially have
the problem so if I said you could
either do one of two things um what's
your open rate or you or and you could
go the angle of uh the reason that I ask
is anything less than 50% you know and
typically there's an email
deliverability problem you Or you could
say just right out of the gate, anything
less than 50% of um uh open rate
industry average is 15 to 25. Anything
less than 50% and you have an email
deliverability problem. Point being, in
neither one of those worlds am I
describing a product. I'm describing a
problem that they might have based on
information that they have to answer and
they have to self- select into. So
healthcare is really good about this. Um
they'll be instead of being like do you
have this chronic condition they'll be
like do you live in the greater Milano
area less than 40 years of age female
you know and have never lived in a
colder climate uh previous to Milan.
Reason being is if you do you might
qualify might qualify for blank. So
they're giving you hard criteria to
basically advertise the p type of person
who might have the problem that they
have that don't know about. So I in any
cold email,
I wouldn't describe product. I wouldn't
describe case study. I wouldn't describe
any of that. They don't know that they
need it. If you're doing cold app onto
the right group of people, they don't
know that they need it. And if they do
know that they need it, they're in the
0001%. That means that you're writing
emails to the 0001%. But all the people
who have the problem that don't know
about it that you should essentially
from a meat perspective be after that
you're not you're not the cold email is
not for them which is who they it should
be designed after. So there's a long
answer but no I wouldn't describe
product in the first email but I
wouldn't describe it in any and any of
the emails. Okay let's jump into four
email relevance plus personalization.
Yeah. Okay. So relevance plus
personalization. We actually might be
somewhat shorter on this this lap. So
relevance is again anything that's one
to many and personalization is anything
that's one to one. I don't care what
trainer says differently. That is the
definition.
That is the Google definition.
Hyperpersonalization. Those words don't
exist. Those exist for people who make
up words that aren't real.
Personalization
just means onetoone. They're trying to
scare you off personalization by saying,
"Oh, it's hyperpersonalized." I'm like,
"No, it's a mind trick." Personalization
will work. They would know that if they
tried.
You know, I'm getting roused up because
I I I don't like it when people talk
about things that a they haven't done
and b are successful. They just It is
successful. Like, unfortunately, it it
doesn't doesn't matter what I think or
what the opinion is. It's just
successful. the stats are it's show that
you know um so point being
personalization is one to one relevance
is one to many there are two uh types of
relevance that are included in that
should be included in this email in any
email the first type should be um buyer
persona relevance meaning what is uh
you're talking about or asking about and
anchoring around what are the problems
according to their metrics for the buyer
persona One of the myths that I see out
there is that you solve one to three
business problems. I'm like, "No, you
solve one to three business problems per
persona." Because a business problem per
persona is is per persona. I only care
about stuff that affects MQLs really if
I'm a marketer. I only affect, you know,
care about things that affect, you know,
let's say uh let's say in the Winter
Olympics, let's give an example there.
Ignoring the persona is like saying, "I
uh I really care about how slick and
fast skis are." And it's like, "Well, if
I'm a skier, but if I'm a figure skater,
I don't care about that at all." Why?
Because I don't even use skis. You see
what I'm saying? That's how ridiculous
it is to talk about a problem absent of
a persona. It's like, do I care about
how uh uh sharp a blade is on a figure
skate? Well, if I'm a figure skater,
then yes. But if I'm a ski jumper, a
long jumper, then no, I don't. Like I
care about for if I'm a long jumper, how
long the skis are and how light the skis
are. Why? Because they'll help me fly
further. But if I'm, you know,
cross-country skiing, for instance, do I
care about how light they are? Within
measure, because I care about how much
that I'll have to lift them for my feet,
but not as much. It's more it's equally
as important to me of how how fast I can
go in them. I won't care about how quick
I can go with them necessarily within
long jumping. Why? Because it's not what
I'm after. It is dependent upon their
goal, you know, of like bob sledders. Do
they care about how fast a ski is? No,
they're not using skis. Why? They're a
freaking bob sleddter. So, it's like
every single metric, every single
problem should be anchored to their
metrics as a buyer persona. So, that's
the first type of relevance. And the
second type of relevance is
trigger-based relevance. So that is what
action have they taken or what action
has the market taken on them to uh
create a problem. So uh both of those
types of relevance could be in an email.
The one that's mandatory is the uh buyer
persona relevance for sure. The
triggerbased email or the trigger based
relevant is uh relevance is if they hit
that trigger. So for instance and
there's four types of triggers. There's
inbound, which is um which we went over
uh I think seven days ago. Inbound, you
have the trigger is that they raised
their hand. Postbound is they took a
non-handraising marketing action like
they downloaded content. Bridgebound is
the market took an action on them or
they took an action uh within the market
but not in relationship to your
marketing team. So for instance, they
requested a demo and didn't schedule one
or they um uh firmographic ones of they
uh open a new headquarters, they open
new locations or they an inbound
referral from someone within your your
seuite for instance or they just bought
an adjacent piece of tech. So those are
like a bridgebound examples.
If you're going to include those, which
I highly suggest that you do, I write an
entire sequence around it. And the first
email and the fifth email are the ones
that are different.
And how you include those triggers is
just you mention the trigger plus and
then you say but more importantly and
then you go to personalization. I
noticed you downloaded content but more
importantly and then you go to
personalization. I noticed that you live
in France with the French flag in the
background but equally as importantly I
saw that you wrote this article on
blank. So the relevance trigger that's
one to many talking to you trainers one
to many is relevance.
The relevance trigger is people who live
in France. The personalization is is
something that they've specifically
done. You need in 2026 and beyond. You
need both. You just do. You know you
really do. the one that will cause a
more dramatic increase is not the
trigger. It's actually the
personalization. So if you're going cold
outbound, then I like if if that if you
have no not if you don't have any one of
these triggers. I'm pretty sure France
just won. Yeah, that's right. Good for
us. Savia
Jean Franis, I hope that you're you're
watching even though you're in Canada.
Same thing.
same thing. We just won.
Go us. Uh point being, um uh if you o
only can include one, like let's say
that you're not including a trigger,
there's 139 triggers of of of what you
could include. If you if you uh aren't
including one of those, then you can
just go straight into the
personalization. The reason for my
outreach is and I you go into the
personalization. The second line of the
email is where I ask a question and
where within three three to four words I
hook the personalization to the buyer
persona relevance. So again the question
that you're asking them you know what
maybe I should bring a French flag
tonight to I'm doing speed skating
tonight. Maybe I should bring a French
flag and just like wear it. See if I can
get on TV. So point being the the
question that you asked needs to be
around the metrics and the bi the
problems that you solve for that buyer
persona. But at the beginning of that
question I would hook the
personalization to the relevance. Now
the best the best piece of
personalization is always going to be
according to a problem that they have if
you can do that. Meaning I would always
suggest that it's that the
personalization is to the problem that
you solve for and the problem that they
likely have that they didn't know about.
If you can't do that in an absence of
that, I have an entire guide of
personalization premises that you can
use for them in specific around
behavior. So, you know, the first bucket
is self-authored content. The second
bucket is um engaged content. They
didn't author it themselves that they
engaged with it. The third bucket is
self-attributed traits. You know, things
that they said about themselves, company
line, by line, and headline. The fourth
is junk drawer. The fifth is background
centric, anything about their
professional background. of the six is
company ccentric. I would use those in
descending order, meaning the higher
buckets are going to work the most and
the lower buckets are going to work the
least. And then even within the list
that's given, those are that uh that
that's the exact verbatim order that I
would use them in. However, you're going
to have to pick three pieces of
personalization. If you're going to
write a five email sequence like I'm
suggesting, you're going to need to put
three pieces of personalization to use
across the sequence. I do it all in five
minutes, all at the very beginning, so
you don't have to research them ever
again. It's it's quick. It's much e, you
know, easier than I think people
realize. However, I would just keep that
in mind of what you really need a human
for is to understand which pieces of
personalization am I going to use and
what that has the best hook as well. So
the how to do that is just simply put in
your in your mind make a list between uh
in your head of what's true about the
premise and then what's true about my um
about my company or the problem that we
solve and then what's the overlay
essentially. So essentially how I've
created all of the puns for the Winter
Olympics is I'm like what's true about
the Winter Olympics, what's true about
uh prospecting. I'm like, cold email,
cold call, budget freeze, making sure
your calls don't go downhill, you know,
of like what Kirstson did, getting past
the gatekeeper. That was brilliant.
Everyone give it up for Kirsten. That
was brilliant that she said in her head,
how she was doing that is what's true
about Soomn, what's true about
prospecting. And then she found the
overlay that in solemn they're going
around gates. That's the definition of
it. you know, slum and gi giant slalom,
it's how big a gates do they have? And
in prospecting, you're you quote unquote
are going around a gatekeeper. So that's
how she found that one. So where you in
include the personalization, the
relevance is in the first line, if you
have a trigger, you say the trigger, but
more importantly and then include the
personalization. And then the second
piece at the beginning within three to
four four words you hook and uh on the
back end you're asking a question around
their metrics for their buyer persona
that uh hypothetically causes a big
problem that hypothetically they
commonly don't know about. So that's how
I'd include all three of those pieces to
really punch and it's necessary to make
that hook and to minimum include buyers
and relevance.
France wins the gold twice
or really that's like the bronze back.
I've gotten nailed for both of them. For
both of them. Do you like how I mean
today we were very close to on time.
That feels like relatively speaking for
me that felt like a gold medal.
I'm giving Pick up the French flag. Did
she just drop it?
Yeah. There we go. They're making doing
the high jump. Okay, just making sure
the flag's not on the floor. So, for me,
relatively speaking, that felt like the
the gold the golden pedal. Okay, so
we're going to go into the the there
that's where I'd be, you know, coming up
from the the tail. Okay, so fifth lap.
The best questions to ask in cold
emails.
Uh the questions to ask in cold emails
and a prospecting in general need to be
specific
non-subjective objective answers
and uh they need to be around metrics
that help them identify an unknown. I
know that I feel like I like I am
beating a dead you know beating a dead
horse which sounds so bad. Poor Kinsey.
I'm thinking my mom's horse. Poor
Kinsey. So, beating a dead horse, but I
mean it the difference between a good
and a great prospector. It comes down to
how relevant you are. And and what I
mean by that is how specific are you and
how um how much are you around an
unknown. I'll give you an example of the
opposite.
There's a number of words that uh well,
I'd say almost all of the words.
Thanks for the gold medal.
I'm serious.
Thanks a gold medal. The the Olympics
are emotional time for me.
There's there are highs and there there
are highs and there are uh not so highs
but still high. You know, I just feel
like it's a very emotional experience
for someone who experiences I don't know
one emotion a year. It's a it's a lot.
It's you know it's a lot to handle. So
it feels like a gold medal being close
on time. So I appreciate the
encouragement. Point being an example of
the of the former.
Oh, it's Feder Rico. Okay. Thanks, man,
for the clarification. Feder Rico, I
could not see your your your name. It
said LinkedIn user. Okay, that makes
Thank you very much for the gold medal.
That means even more knowing that it's
you because you've you've weathered
through among Kirstston, J. Frank,
Robert, among the several other um non-
gold medals in terms of timing, let's
say. Um so point being um an example of
the of the opposite non-specific
most words in French
English people English speakers can't
say let me put myself in the fire I
can't say
a lot of it comes down to pronunciation
you'll spend years and years and years
and years and years around pronunciation
because it's just so difficult it's in
the back of your throat there are 10
unique sounds that you do not make as an
English speak native English speaker,
you know, like or we don't make either
one of those. So, you have to train
different parts of your mouth that exist
in your mouth, but you didn't know that
they existed until you try to speak
French.
There are a couple of things, sounds
that French people, they don't make that
are in the English language.
There's an overwhelming the other way
around, but there are a couple of sounds
that we make that they struggle with. A
hard H is one of them, you know. So like
Hatchet,
that hard H, they're you used to using
the H in a uh more open sound like
hourly, you know, that that one's okay.
But like hatchet, that's a tough one for
them. So one of the examples of this, uh
there's two two examples of words that I
know that French people always struggle
typically struggle with. one is
literature
and the second one very very common is
butter because really we use the t
double t as a d butter and so I I try
and tell them I'm like be more lazy the
more lazy the better and how you're
saying it so how they end up doing it
how they end up trying to say it is they
start to say which I know this because I
do it often they start to say butter and
then they just kind of trail out and
make it ambiguous is thinking that we
don't that we don't know like they'll be
like can you pass the room
and then they'll just trail off. So
point being in terms of the question
that you're asking
the more specific
the more it showcases
number one it helps your buyer know what
to answer. It helps your buyer know that
you're after something that could be to
their benefit, that you might know more
than they know. But if nothing else, it
helps them understand that you're not
just saying random stuff to try to get
them to reply. So if I say, "Do you have
good email reply rates?" or "Do you have
bad email reply rates?" You know, it's
it's well, number one, it's a trap
question. It's a leading question.
Someone would know and they'd shut down.
But that's a different question then. Do
you have an email open rate that's
anywhere from 30% to 45% or anything
less than 45%.
The reason that I ask is industry
average is 15 to 25 but anything less
than a 50% subject uh email open rate
and there's deliverability problem. That
person knows something about Cole's
email. the first person. I'm not sure.
They might, but I'm going to assume by
default that they don't because usually
the reason someone is being ambiguous is
they're either trying to advertise to a
mass group of people or they don't know
what they're talking about and they're
hoping that you'll buy anyway. So, when
I'm asking a question, it needs to be
very specific
and it can either be what is this or if
you're uh if you want to do with within
a a cold email play if you're uh is your
email is your blank less than blank or
is your blank more than blank? Like
you're giving them a range essentially.
But then you're going to need to to uh
follow up with the reason that I ask is,
you know, and then you're explaining the
stat. anything less than a 50% open
rate. So, if you could do me a favor, go
back, check your email open rate, and if
you're anywhere within blank to blank,
if you give me, you know, 15 minutes on
Thursday to go into yada yada yada, and
if you're, but if you're anything more
than blank, then you're actually, you
know, completely okay, I'm going to take
some tips from you. So, those are the
two ways that you can do it. But the
very very important thing is that you're
specific within the question that is
specifically to their types of metrics.
you know, I wouldn't be talking about uh
dduplicate rates, you know, dup
duplication rates within the uh data in
the CRM if I'm not talking to a sales
ops manager, for instance, that it's
around their metrics in specific and
that you're after finding an unknown. I
cannot stress enough and I know that
I've I've I've talked about it ad
nauseium. I I realize that, but I'd say
a 100% of value props that I've seen,
even if they are specific, which I'd say
0.01 01 is specific, but even if they
are specific, they are not after an
unknown. They're like, we and again, I'm
going to take this onus. I hear trainers
every single day recommending that
people say, we work with people who
struggle with blank and they're
ambiguous in terms of the value prop.
and they're I'm like, you're going after
a known at that point. To go after an
unknown, which is the only thing that
will create results in outbound to go
after an unknown, you have to give them
an indicator that will help them
identify that they're in this group. So,
it helps you identify that they might h
potentially have this problem. I can't
say, do you have a this health
condition? do you have an email
deliverability problem? They'll be like,
"No, I don't even know what that is, but
no, I don't have one of those problems."
Because the the the indicator that
they're saying that they don't is
they're like, "I'm fine right now."
Meaning they're like, you know, my and
their email open rate is 35%. But
they're assuming that that's normal.
There's nothing that they can do about
it. So in their head, they're like, "No,
I don't have an email deliverability
problem." Because they're telling the
truth. But your question needs to be
around
is your do you have DKIM demark and SPF
set up? The reason that I ask is and
then you're going down the route of you
know a if if you don't have those set up
there's an 81% increase in the
likelihood that your emails won't be
delivered. 59% of emails make it to the
primary inbox. So you're going to shave
off for you know statistically speaking
you're going to shave off 41% if you
don't have these set up.
if you do me a favor, you know, go back
look up if you have the these set up
internally and if not Thursday at two
and you're going down that path. So,
you're trying to earn the meeting on on
asking about something specific. If they
have it or they don't have it, are they
in this group? Are they in this range?
And if so, they might have this problem
that you you know that typically
speaking they didn't know about. So the
more it's around if if you are using
anything that's we work with people who
struggle with blank if you are using the
word struggle within your elevator pitch
you are never going to book more more
than 3% of the market no matter what you
do and it's going to be the 3% of the
market that is also talking to your
competitors who already know that they
have a problem because right now if
you're going after the right problems
you're going after a problem that they
didn't know about which means they're
struggling with it because they don't
know it exists.
Right? So, you're trying to describe ask
a question around the metrics that they
run into.
you're being specific with those and you
ask the question and you're like reason
that I ask is and then you give the
statistic you know it and you know
what's your network latency if you don't
mind me asking the reason that I ask is
industry average is less than one or is
you know 150% but anything over 120
milliseconds going to cause a 25%
increase in server downtime for an IT
director like you
that was a sure gold medal that was a
clean clean gold. But it it the reason
that I'm harping here is um it doesn't
matter if your email is readable. It
doesn't matter if the subject line's
great. It doesn't matter if it pattern
interrupts and has personalization and
you know and it does have trigger based
relevance. It doesn't matter if it gets
to their primary inbox for all of them.
If it's not around an unknown and it's
not around asking a question that is
relevant, then it it doesn't mean
anything. I mean, it means very little.
It means that you're going to get to
again best case scenario of people that
already knew that they have a problem,
right? So you have zero credibility at
that point, you have tons of competitors
at that point and that market is
extremely small. Where I would start
generating demand is the ones that that
are unknown, you know. So I I'd be
remiss what about qualitative metrics.
You'll have to give me an example,
Abdullah,
of what you mean by a qualitative
metric.
So, I mean, I'm e I'm a big fan of even
if it's a qualitative feeling, there's a
quantitative way to measure it. That's
my general go-to. Meaning, you know, you
could say uh what like instead of
saying, are you happy? You're like you
could ask you know number of times uh
per day that you think you're thankful
that you think about how thankful you
are or um are there how often do you
laugh you know during the day on average
you know so there's always a
quantitative way to measure qualitative
instead of saying like you know are you
are you happy one indicator could be the
amount that someone smiles right so
that's a quantitative way to measure
that but you'll have to what do you mean
by qualitative metric and then I can
answer the question more more
thoroughly. Um, okay. In the meantime,
let's go into the last lap
lapis
cease the pizza pie. Um, this is
activity metrics results. How many to
send and when to stop? Okay, this is
more of a logistical lab. Okay, activity
metrics. For a full-time prospector, you
can send 35 emails 100% personalized per
day and make 60 calls both. Those are
the minimums that I gave my rep. And you
have to reps. And you have to keep in
mind, y'all are going to like this.
That's the real me
after filming stops.
Um, it's sugarf free. That means it's
good for me, right? Please, no followup
on that. No followup on my my health.
Um, so 35 emails per day, 60 calls per
day is how many you can make together.
However, those were minimums for my
reps. We did 100% personalized emails.
Um, 100% you know, in terms of there is
a a actual reason for the outreach in
terms of personalization. That was the
minimum that I gave them. All of them
were hitting that hitting it. uh the
some of them were getting to the upwards
of 60 emails on 120 calls per day both
combined together.
That's for a full-time prospector. So,
if you're an AE, you're going to have
to, you know, uh shift those shift those
numbers around. I would shift them
around too much. You know, there's
either you can say either one or the
other. I hear AE sometimes say, "Well, I
don't have enough time to prospect." And
then in the same breath, they say, "I
don't have enough meetings." I'm like,
well, you either don't have enough
meetings and so you have time to
prospect or you don't have time to
prospect because you have too many
meetings. Pick one of one or the other.
But in terms of averages, the average
amount of emails sent are going to be uh
around 35 per day and around 40 dials
made per day, which yield four connects.
Now, that's on average. My reps were
outrunning those very easily with 100%
personalized messaging. So,
and and those were just my reps. I know
certain AES that are cranking out 160
dials per day. Excuse me. Even though
even though they're taking demos half a
day. So that's in terms of activity
metrics. I'm going to put myself on the
line and I know that it's a non
unpopular opinion. It seems to be in
vogue to say that activity isn't a main
contributor of like you need to be
thoughtful. And I'm like, "Yeah, well,
the same people the same group of people
that are are bickering about not having
a high activity limit and that you
should be researched are the same group
of people that are bickering at me that
you don't need to be personalized and
that you can't scale it. So, pick one of
the other." Point being, I do think that
activity is important. If nothing else,
if you don't get enough reps in, you're
just not in the right like you can't
improve if you don't get enough reps in.
if I only make three dials, you have to
keep in mind that only yields one
connect per every 10 dials.
So even if you have someone make 20
dials, that really only means two
conversations. So I I think activity is
extremely important. And I think it's
also an indicator on rep health, meaning
how in it are they, how aggressive are
they, how much are they they going to
make it happen. I have not seen a rep
who had high activity who wasn't
successful in the long term. I also have
not seen a rep who was successful in the
long term that didn't have the very
minimum minimum like 90 in terms of uh
activity. The reps who are winning are
the ones that are just getting out there
and doing it. There is a certain amount
of grit that goes into prospecting.
There's going to have to be from the
long-term perspective. You're going to
get told no. Some people are going to
hang up on you. Some Now, there are a
lot of things you can do to prevent that
from happening, but it's just going to
happen. People have yelled at me before.
They've yelled at me before, like people
have hung up on me before. It's just
happened. Usually my my much more my my
earlier years, but um but point being,
you just there's just a certain amount
of grit that you're going to have to
have. That's sales. That's life. You're
just going to have to grit through it.
So, I think that I would be remiss if I
didn't say, you know, again, I think
people are being too light on
themselves. I think that people are
being too light on their teams. I think
that they're being too light on account
executives and SDR. Some of it is about
just getting out there and wrestling it
to the ground. Making 15 freaking dials
right in a row. Why? Because that's what
you have to do. And a main contributor
to that is activity. So, I am of course
an advocate of writing heavily
personalized emails. However, if that if
you're only sending out three, like I
had a rep who is very quote unquote
strategic and his emails converted. I
mean, they were he put a lot of thought
into them. He got outrun by a kid, you
know, so to speak on this was three
teams. uh before I started flip the
script, this kid, you know, who didn't
know any quote unquote know anything. He
wasn't strategic at all, you know, he
was much less strategic than first rep.
Why? Because he was just in there
banging out dials and you weren't going
to tell them no. That's just what it
was. So, I think that both of those
elements are necessary. I think hiding
behind, well, that's not how people
communicate or it's it's just an excuse.
So I I think that activity from an
activity metric perspective I would say
at minimum as an SDR if you're not
getting out 35 emails per day or and 40
dials per day I would say every email is
worth two dials. Meaning if there's
going to be some days within a sequence
that you're only going to be sending
emails for instance. So I would take the
email aotment of 60 email or 60 dials
divided by two and that means 30 emails
and added the prerequisite 35 which
means you have 65 emails.
Uh, and then the flip. If you're only
going to make uh calls, 35 emails times
2 is 70 uh calls plus the prerequisite
60, which gives you 130 uh dials. So, if
you're only going to do dials, you can
make 130. When those numbers aren't
being hit, it is a will problem and it
is an accountability problem. There were
certain times in my life where I just
wasn't who I am today. I just wasn't. I,
you know, would crush past quota and
then I'd be at the bar at like 1 pm on a
Thursday, you know, like hanging out
with my buddies. That's just who I was
early in my 20s until I got my teeth
kicked in and found out that the world
doesn't owe me anything. If someone
hasn't gone through that lesson, I don't
think there's a lot of training that can
help them. That's the God to honest
truth. I think that your mindset needs
to be just be in the right spot. So,
from an activity metrics perspective,
that is is the numbers that I would hit.
I would also say for AEES, if you're
trying to get them to self- prospect,
don't just give them a number of
meetings that they have to hit at the
end of the month. I would give them an
actual activity metric they have to hit
during the day. You want to control your
outputs, control your inputs. And if you
give them meetings total, they're just
going to go to their buddies and like
get these oneoff cases that aren't
actually going to lead to pipeline, you
know, but then still use an excuse of
why they didn't hit quota. In my
opinion, the reason I'm being so tough
on us guys is I developed the window
that we also
go. Another thing to look for in terms
of accountability is how often are ghost
styles happening. Anything less than 8
seconds, if I was anything less than 5
seconds for sure, but I would say eight
to be fair, uh, is a ghost dial. So I
would run a report on how many calls are
being made that are lasting less than
eight seconds because even if you know
even if someone doesn't pick up it
should last eight seconds and so that
will give you a marker on the go style.
Um, in terms of the sequence, the the
ones that will convert are emails one,
two, and and five. The breakup email,
the breakup email should be exactly
that. You walking out the door, giving
the original reason for why you did
outreach, you know, and including a
piece of saying taking the guilt and
association off of it or why they're not
responding, you know. Um, uh, I don't
know, maybe it's me, but I'm getting the
feeling that now is not just not the
best time to connect. I'm the annoying
sales rep who can't take a hint. You
know, if so, no worries. You know, I'm
here. If I can be of of any help uh now
or later down the road with with our
company or or with anything in general,
you know, either way, keep the great
articles coming. It's nice getting to
follow you for a little bit. And, you
know, if I can be of any help in the
meantime, and perhaps we'll connect down
the road. Take care. And then you sign
it. It is the most effective email if
you're actually closing the door. You're
not pinning guilt on them of like you
didn't respond because you're a bad
person or you must not value your team
or whatever it is. Giving them a piece
of content of like in the last move you
show people who you are. If they aren't
giving you what you want, you know, who
are you then? If they're not giving the
meeting, who are you then? And if you're
showcasing them that like it's not their
fault, it's your fault that they they
didn't respond. Some people say, "Well,
is that low confidence?" I'm like, it
doesn't matter if it's low confidence.
It's the truth. It's not low confidence
to be self-aware.
It's the truth. And if you're saying
that of like and taking the guilt off of
them and including a piece of content, I
mean, it is an unruly reply rate. So I
that's how I would sum up a breakup
email. And so emails one, two, and five
is where you're going to see the highest
results. I would say if you're using
true personalization, meaning a piece of
personalized data, the whole email
doesn't have to be personalized, but a
piece of personalized data, my cadences
or my sequences, they get, you know,
minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum
even if they're deleting a lot of the
email 15% reply rate.
You know, industry average is 0.5 to 7
reply rate. So you're essentially, I
don't know, 30xing that as a minimum. I
would say if people are using them
decently well, 25% reply rate. If
they're being thoughtful, 45% reply
rate. The highest that I've seen is 87%
reply rate. It was outrunning their
inbound sequences because of
personalization and the quality of the
email writing within the actions they
were taking with the prospect.
Clear gold. So I had three all gold
medals in the background. In summary,
cold's email is tough. It doesn't have
to be though. The things that I would
think about is number one, did they get
the email with email deliverability?
Number two, did they open the email
because the subject line was pattern
interruptive?
Number three, did they read the email
because yes aesthetic aesthetically how
it was set up that you didn't use any
pattern words specifically within the
first line, left-hand side of the first
line and right hand side of the first
line. There's a number of different
patterns that people read it in. One of
the biggest myths is that the best
shaped email is the F-shaped email. It's
not it's statistically the worst. But if
we took that in the bag, top left and
top top right of the first line, if you
use any pattern words there, then you're
done. You know, they're going to log
out. So, it's number three, did did they
actually read the email? Number four,
were you relevant along the way? And
number five, psychologically you take
care along the way. All of those are
important. Email has become a
interesting game, a fun game if you
study, but a brutal game if you don't.
So, I would just take a look at the
email and say, do most reps say this? Is
this salesy? Am I actually adding value?
Is this specific to them? Is it
personalized to them? And is it the
anchoring on something that they don't
know? If you can pass those tests,
you're fine. So, it's not it's uh
simple, but it's not easy.
So I would always put on the chopping
block. I would abandon any principles
that aren't yielding the results that I
want just because we've done them in the
past. So most of the behaviors that are
hurting us the most are the ones that
that we've done, you know, people are
doing every single day. They're eight
billion emails being sent out just this
moment with hope you're well, you know,
near the top. So I just challenge myself
to say, am I am I actually adding value
here? Am I actually teaching them
something they don't it didn't know? Am
I actually including a piece of content
that they'd like? You know, am I
actually asking a question that's
specific to them? Anytime you're using
good, high, bad, low, it's subjective.
It means you're not asking a specific
question or am I writing the classic
elevator pitch of we work with people
who struggle with blank. If you are, I
mean, you know, then the the results are
going to follow tow in either case
scenario, which I know is not what we
want. So I have to ask myself the hard
question on am I adding value? Is this
specifically to them and does that
showcase that and put our best foot
forward or does it not? And do I need to
start over from the beginning?
That's it. That's it for cold email. It
is cold outside. You know what? I sat
outside
last night trying to edit some photo
after figure skating and all of a sudden
I'm like I've been out here for 30
minutes. I'm like I'm cold. I need to go
inside. Like brand for example if
there's a brand manager brand director
they're measured on brand and
consistency. Totally Abdullah like just
the fact that you know that puts that
ahead you ahead of most most uh oh oh
you're saying in terms of uh in terms of
uh qualitative metrics. So a brand
director for instance we'll do this on
the line and then I promise we'll close
out. If you go to ask GPT for instance,
I'll do this for everyone just so you
can you can see it. And then I got to
get going to speed skating.
Okay. So, what I do I think I can share
my screen. I've never even tried this.
Let's see if I can. Yeah, I can. Okay.
I'm going to share my screen so y'all
can see this. Can y'all see that? Yeah,
you can. Oh, look at that. Okay. So for
a brand director for instance, how to
get to know their metric. There's always
quantitative uh metrics on what
something someone is measured on. Um
it's never qu it's never qualitative
front to end. At least in my experience,
I've never seen someone who wasn't
measured on quantitative metrics of like
good juju. So for instance, if I were to
come in here um and not go into AI
director but come here to AI chat and
say for a brand director for instance,
give me the top three lagging indicator
metrics
that a brand director is measured on
on what the industry average is of those
metrics.
and industry
average attainment of those metrics. So
that's the first place that I'd start to
say I want to know how how they're
measured or what they're measuring. So
um top three uh br uh sales revenue
customer satisfaction. No what is a
brand what KPI is a main KPI
is a brand director measured on.
Sometimes you have to play with it a
little bit if it's not getting you
getting you getting you exactly what you
want. So brand profitability is one that
it's mentioning. core brand health
metric, brand awareness,
brand consideration, preherence,
purchase intent. So let's say let's uh
uh pick brand awareness for for instance
how is brand awareness
measured
measured from a KPI
perspective
for uh for a brand director.
um you know so I would look into all of
these and I would also look into um
uh uh here we go so like even for this
of unaded so I want you to pay attention
even though it's a relatively
qualitative metric it there's a number
that's measuring it of number of
mentions that were unaded or unprompted
meaning unpaid so how many times was it
mentioned that's a quantitative metric
that you can measure to measure the you
brand awareness essentially of unaded
and then aided. So I would assume that
aided means we paid someone to mention
it versus unaded we we didn't pay
someone to mention it. So one of the
things that I look at in the market is
how many times did someone post a
company post
after an SKO like I I did an SKO a few
weeks ago. How many times did someone
from the audience post without obviously
I never tell people to like post. I
think that's, you know, gross top to
bottom. Point being, um, but I it's a
metric that I'm keeping in the back of
my mind
of did it happen, did it not happen.
There were three people that posted from
from the the audience. I'm like, there's
a metric, you know, to me of how how
well did I do from the the KPI
perspective. So for instance, if let's
take um un uh unprompted mentions
uh unprompted mentions for a brand
director. The second step that I would
do is give me the top 20 leading or
leaning indicator KPIs
that cause
an increase in unaded
brand
unaded or unprompted
brand mentions
for a brand director.
the industry average
of those those KPIs
and at what point those KPIs
cause a problem with a decrease in
unprompted
brand mentions
for a brand director.
That is the the the Oh, I forgot to put
in a chart format. It's going to give it
to me in a lose format.
Um, no. Okay. Sorry. Give me a second.
I'm doing this live. Okay. Give me an
increase in un
unaded
brand mentions in the marketplace.
uh that cause an increase or decrease
in the amount of times
someone mentions a brand
in the marketplace
for brand director.
So let's start there.
So there you go. P. So a lot of these
you'll notice are um our uh leaning
indicator.
Give me give me 20 in total
directly cause a increase
in the amount
of times a brand is mentioned in the
marketplace.
So let's see what it comes back with.
Again, you have to play with it a little
a little bit, but usually here we go.
Paid media reach, share a voice and paid
media, organic social reach, campaign
reach, earn media impressions. So you're
getting to see it volume of user
generated content, you know, referral.
So like for instance like volume. So
this gave me 20. Now give me those same
20 KPIs.
the industry average of those KPIs
and at what point
point they cause a problem
of decreasing
the amount of um what do we call it
unaded of un uh of
times a brand was mentioned
uh in the marketplace.
Oh, I forgot to put in the chart format.
So, it's going to spit it out long tail.
Okay. So, basically, no, give me give me
the same
20 KPIs
as above in a chart format.
with the industry average
averages of those KPIs.
There we go.
So,
here you go. It's a benchmark often aim
for the share of voice at or above
market. No univers. So, you're getting
the point here. It's given you all of
all of these. I would add in
add a column
on the industry averages
averages of those KPIs
and add a column
about what specific point
those KPIs cause a problem with
decreasing
the amount of brand mentions in the
market.
There we go.
Okay. So, when you once you you get into
here of like organic social rink, meta,
IG 5 to 15% per post is common. Tik Tok
often 15 to 30% is lower. So, where it
usually becomes a problem with brand
mentions. So you're see you're getting
to see and I would start to memorize
this list if I were you of like it and
it just gives you overall you have to
keep in mind AI is not perfect of course
like as in the last you know whatever
five minutes 10 minutes that has been
the the most difficulty it's usually
usually given me but point being for
like uh referral of like healthy
consumer referral program so 5 to 30% of
new customers driven by referrals is
what's average and then uh if referral
share drops. Anything less than 5% in
categories of word mouth is this key,
you likely uh be losing organic
advocacy. So the question that I would
ask them is what percentage of your
market is referring you if you don't
mind me asking. The reason that I ask is
industry average is 50 50 to 30% of your
uh customer base should be referring
anything less than 5% and it's a sign
that you're uh that it's affecting
dramatically affecting your uh organic
advocacy within the market. If you do me
a favor, go back and check the
percentage of referrals that you or uh
customers that you have uh that are
referring you. And if it's anything less
than 10% if you give me a shot Thursday
at two to explain how x y and z. So you
get the math. But you you basically I
would learn all of these
you know of like uh product service
usage customer effort score volume of
like all of these social engagement rate
of like 1 to 5% on Instagram Tik Tok is
3 to 10% and um uh yeah if if engagement
is consistently bottom cile for your
category so 1% let's say on Instagram
while peers are 3 to 4% posts don't
travel comments tax decline having yeah
fewer conversations. So the thing that I
would ask them is what is your average
engagement rate on uh on Instagram if
you don't mind me asking. The reason
that I ask is well here's a good example
a great example of how you could do
personalized problem research. So in
this example you can find this out from
a public perspective. You don't have to
ask that internally. You don't have to
ask what's your engagement rate on
Instagram. You could just go cohort and
look up people who have a less than have
a 1 to 2% engagement rate across their
followers for Instagram because that
gives you a perfect uh cohort of people
who are likely running into the problem
that you have that you know likely don't
know about it. So I would study these
metrics and learn these metrics again.
Are they perfect? No. But like I would
double down meaning I would take this
chart as standard and then I would
stress test it with you know people that
you know that are a brand director. Hey
and the four questions I usually ask
them are out of all of these metrics
which one's the one that you would
protect over all of them you know and
then the second question is can you rank
them? The third is uh is it missing any?
And the fourth is should I add any? But
I would use this as like the the
beginning of the holy book, you know, of
things that I need to to memorize of
like look at this non-branded to branded
search conversion. So that's not not one
that I would even think about, you know,
of like what's your what's your
percentage of branded to non-branded
search conversion if you don't mind me
asking. Like here's an example of one
that you couldn't see from the outside.
You'd have to ask them that. You'd say
the reason for my uh the the reason that
I ask is um you know anything uh uh
benchmarks I need to comment target okay
bounce rate anything under uh over uh
67% so time on page one to three uh
minutes for long form so a question you
can ask them is what is your bounce rate
if you don't mind me asking the reason
uh for uh what is your bounce rate and
what is your um uh you know what is your
non-branded branded search conversion
the reason I ask is typically industry
average for the time that's on page is 1
to 3 minutes and uh and the the stats
will show that anything under
uh I want to find the yeah if content is
anything under 25 to 30% uh you'll s
start to see an increase so I the
sentence that I'm saying is what is your
um what is your
uh again I'm sorry I'm having to compare
these two charts because it didn't put
in a clean clean spot uh content
marketing and and uh contingent reach
and engagement. I'd say what is your
content marketing reach and engagement?
The reason I ask is industry average is
60 to 70% but anything above a 25 to 30%
churn within uh within over three
minutes and you're seeing a 40% increase
or 40% decrease in the amount of unaded
brand mentions. If you do me a favor, if
you go back and check the amount of
times it the the uh uh churn within the
time frame and it's anything over 25%
within under three minutes if you give
me a shop Thursday 22 you know go into
and yada yada yada you get the rest. So
the point is I would find these metrics
for your buyer. No matter who the buyer
is, doesn't matter if it's brand
director, if it's customer success
director, if it's a CIO, CIO, CISO,
you know, HR leader, whoever they are,
they have metrics. So I would just find
out what is the main one that they are
measured, hired and fired to drive.
Here's a great example. I don't know
based on this chart which one of those
was the most important. So, I would take
that as information, but if it were me,
I would approach whoever is in that
category and ask them, you know, like,
is this correct? Is this true to form
for your buyer? So, I hope that was
helpful. We are way over on time. Way
over on time. I will see youall
tomorrow. I hope that was helpful,
Abdullah. Sorry for the the long rant
there. So we I will see you all tomorrow
where we are going to get into uh we're
going to go back to sales and we're
going to go to sales leadership what to
coach AEES on and how to forex
conversion. I hope everyone has a great
rest of your day. I'm going to speed
skating tonight row number one which is
what I'm going to be LATE FOR. ABDULLAH
IT'S ON you what I'm going to be late
for. So I will see youall tomorrow for
the sales leadership what we're going to
coach on and hope you have a great rest
of your day. Ciao.
