Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Josh Braun",
  "channel_name": "Josh Braun",
  "video_id": "_gnog7udq7A",
  "title": "\"What do you sell?\" How to Respond",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gnog7udq7A",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Okay, I'm gonna ask you three questions.
The first two are going to be easy. The
third one, not so easy. So, here's the
first one. Ready? Five time five. You
got that one. All right. Five time
three. All right. You got that one, too.
You're on a cold call. Prospect says,
"What are you selling?"
That might not have come to you as
easily. So, what's the difference
between the first two questions and the
third one? The only difference is you've
been taught that 5* 3 is 15 and you
probably put it on a flash card and you
drilled it into your memory and now it's
in long-term memory and you know that.
But you've probably never been taught
how to answer the question, what are you
selling in a way that inspires people to
care and motivates them to want to learn
more. And you probably haven't practiced
it either. So you can't get good at
something that you haven't been taught
and that you haven't practiced. So let's
fix the teaching part and you can
practice on your own. So, here's how to
answer the question. I'm going to give
this to you in an example for a service
called Titan X. So, prospect says, "What
are you selling?" You pause for a couple
beats and you start with the problem.
Here's what that sounds like. So, you
know how your reps are making 50 cold
calls and even with direct dials,
they're only having one or two
conversations. Most go to voicemail.
People don't pick up or it's the wrong
number. That's the problem. Now, what
changes for the better after? With Titan
X, you give us a list of people you want
your reps to talk to, and we tell them
the ones that are most likely to pick up
the phone. So, instead of them having
two to three conversations per 50 dials,
you're having 12 to 15. What are your
thoughts on that? And then shut the
front door and listen. See the framework
there? Do you know how when is the
problem? And then with your product or
service, you do X and Y happens. why is
the desired outcome they want but don't
have. All right, take this framework for
a spin. Write yours out. Practice it six
or seven times and you will never get
tongue-tied when a prospect says, "What
do you sell on a cold
