Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Josh Braun",
  "channel_name": "Josh Braun",
  "video_id": "HdWL8Pwdins",
  "title": "Selling Without Being Pushy",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdWL8Pwdins",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Imagine the scenario. You walk into a
department store and within seconds a
salesperson approaches you and with
unbridled enthusiasm says this, "Hey,
welcome to ABC. My name is Josh. How can
I help you?" If you're like most people,
you're going to retreat because that
energy feels off-putting. It's like
you're going to be told what to do or
pressured into buying something. As
sellers, we create this by what we say
and what our intent is. On a cold call,
hey, my name is Josh. the reason for my
call is creates the same reaction. So
what's the way out of this? It starts by
changing our intent. When our intent is
to sell everyone and assume that
everyone needs what we're buying, we
sound pushy because intent affects what
we say. But if we change our intent from
how can I sell to is there a problem
here? It changes everything because
we're no longer assuming what we have is
needed. We're shifting from convincing
and explaining to asking a neutral
question about a potential problem
without leading people to a desired
answer. So, here's what that might sound
like on a cold call. Prospect picks up.
Let's say it's me.
In a calm voice, the seller says this.
Hey, Josh. My name is Nick. we've never
spoken before, but I was on your
LinkedIn, been following you for a
while, and was wondering if I could ask
you a question. I would say, "Sure, how
could I help you, Nick?" And then Nick
says this, "So Josh, over the course of
3 months, your posts have had a little
over 4,100 comments.
How are you identifying the commenters
that might be a fit for your workshop so
you can reach out to them proactively?
Is that something you're doing manually,
or do you have a way to surface them
automatically?
and shut the front door and listen.
You're not assuming, you're exploring.
You're asking a question that makes
people scratch their head and think,
"hm, I'm not sure. That's a good
question. What do you mean?" And now
we're in a conversation.
You will start way more conversations
when you come from a place of, "Is there
a problem?" and assuming there is one.
Buyers have the answers.
