Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Thibaut Souyris",
  "channel_name": "SalesLabs",
  "video_id": "ywsIfW3qrFQ",
  "title": "How to find 10 new prospects to contact every day",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywsIfW3qrFQ",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Hi there, it's Tibo. In this quick
video, I'm going to show you how I find
five to 10 new prospects every day
thanks to scrap.io.
So, with scrap.io, it's really
interesting because I have many
different ways of finding emails and
LinkedIn profiles. So, for example, if I
go into my email finder or search, let's
go on the search. I can ask an AI to
find the right filters here. So I can
say find
find me some head of sales based in New
York City.
So what's going to do is going to simply
put the right filters over here and then
I'm able to see the right people here.
So for example, I've got Steve and you
know Mark that are interesting. I'll go
to get selected emails in my list head
of sales and then they got here. So I
can go here. I can see mark has been
there. This one I need to check again.
It's invalid. But basically the catch
all uh means that the email is receiving
the email database is receiving some
emails. So that's an interesting thing.
And what's really good is that I can
select the people here. So I can be like
Ron Nick
and these people and see and sync them
with my CRM. So there's Salesforce and
HubSpot integration. So that's something
that's pretty simple to do. Another way
of finding prospects is to go on sales
navigator or LinkedIn. Here I've done a
quick research where I wanted to find
some influencer marketing manager in the
city or in New York City. So, for
example, I'll take Justin and uh Beum
and then I'll go over here, click on
scrap. It's going to select what we have
over here. So, Justin and
now I'm going to put them into the brand
marketing manager enrich emails have
been found and then I go back to the
list here and I can see they are here
again here. What I can do is select
everyone, push everyone into the CRM and
so it's a relatively simple way of
finding email addresses and LinkedIn
profiles um either using sales navigator
in one end or using um scrap.io directly
in there and that's a really good way of
doing this. So you can look at the
integration we have here hubspot
outreach by drive sales for zo that are
the basic integration. You can obviously
document and do some integrations with
some other CRM by using the API key, but
that's a really simple way to find
emails. So, it verifies for you. It
makes sure that um emails won't bounce.
So, if you're looking for an alternative
data set, that's a pretty cool thing to
check.
