Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Thibaut Souyris",
  "channel_name": "SalesLabs",
  "video_id": "8SEMmTePuVE",
  "title": "How to build and execute the Ultimate Prospecting Sequence, with Thibaut Souyris and Alan Ruchtein.",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SEMmTePuVE",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Hi, Alan. Uh, welcome to the sales
creator content party. I'm so happy to
have you there. And, uh, actually, we
need a hug.
>> We need a
>> So happy. So, you flew from Barcelona to
be there, right?
>> Yes. I got here yesterday. We will have
fun today. So, that's all that matters.
>> Yeah. I'm really happy you're here. So
happy.
>> And, uh, today actually, we're going to
talk about how to build the ultimate
prospecting sequence in 2025.
>> Uh, because prospecting has changed a
ton. you talk a lot about that in your
videos and your content on LinkedIn. So,
uh before we dive into that, can you
tell me a bit more about you and why you
>> Absolutely, man. And again, thank you
for having me. I'm super happy to be
here. A little bit about myself, um
well, you know me and for the ones that
doesn't know me. I'm Alan and I'm fully
100% focused on helping teams right now
perform better at sales. My whole
background and my whole experience is in
sales.
>> So, so that's basically what I do. I
help companies, startups mainly in the
SAS space and the sales teams, revenue
teams to perform better to define go to
market motions, Alabama motions and and
everything relates to that.
>> And where are you from initially?
>> Argentina. I was born and raised there.
I grew up a couple of years in the US,
moved back to Argentina, but right now
I'm I'm based in Barcelona.
>> I'm based in Barcelona. Great. And so if
we talk about the the prospecting part,
so I I'd love to, you know, like to lay
out for me what's a good prospecting
sequence. So typically I love to uh
start with the ICP so ideal customer
profile and their problems. Um how do
you do that? How do you kind of find the
right types of c companies to go after?
>> And that's a great question and I think
that that's the first question and the
first thing that every company should go
through because at some point what I see
in all the companies that I'm helping is
that they have no idea or not even a
clue or what are they selling to whom
they are selling that solution or
potential solution. So the first thing
that I need to understand and they need
to understand it's not only a higher
level of okay I'm selling to these type
of companies in these type of countries
but also making sure that we go deeper
into persona emotions symptoms KPIs that
are being impacted in their role
responsibilities um pains and challenges
as well and how the solution can be tied
into that specific uh persona in that
role.
>> Okay. And so in terms of the if we talk
about the the problems, do you have a
kind of an idea of how you're going to
identify the problem of your prospect so
it resonates in the messaging you're
going to send?
>> I think that the most important thing
here is start adding some layers into
the personalization of the message. But
that message as you are saying it's a
pure consequence of the full prospecting
or uh searching process. So it's just a
pure consequence of how good you define
your ICP from there. how good you build
your list that I think that we are going
to talk about it and how you jump into
the prospecting mode in order to make
sure that then the message is just a
consequence of all the steps that you
went through.
>> Okay. How do you build a lead list?
>> The easy way and everyone is doing or
using it sales uh navigator from
LinkedIn. It's a super fast way to scrap
leads uh basically find some filters and
going through. I'm not saying that's the
a wrong way. I like it. I teach
companies and sellers in order how to
use it. But there is another layer.
There's a deeper layer that you can go
through. That is the way that I do it.
Basically, as you can see here, I jump
into uh the tool that I'm using that is
a L growth machine LGM. And basically
what I do here is basically on top of
the filters and the different ideas that
I have in terms of who I'm targeting. I
use something else that is the lookalike
search. Yeah. Right. Because if I
understand who am I selling, the type of
companies, the common denominators and
treats that they might have, then I tell
the growth machine, hey, why don't you
bring me a list of companies that based
on the algorithm and your research, you
know, that they are really similar and
as a consequence, as we were talking
about the messaging, we can use the same
message or similar assumptions in order
to prospect them in the right way.
>> Yeah, I really love the the the kind of
lookalike stuff where it's kind of a
really good use of AI where instead of
trying to play with filters and
everything, you show what worked. You
know, someone replied and they also have
this feature where when someone replies
in your mailbox positively, they
immediately say, "This is a great lead,"
they flag it as a great good lead and
then they suggest you some ideas.
Absolutely. on other leads to contact
that are exactly similar.
>> Absolutely. Basically, what you're
saying is we have like two options here.
Either we do it manually one once for a
specific type of personas and spec a
specific type of leads and we say, "Hey,
these are the companies that I like.
These are the companies that I know that
could be a great fit for my solution."
Now you do your stuff and bring me a lot
of companies that are similar to this.
But on top of that, the next level is
making it in auto autopilot. That is
basically as you can see here
>> what I do is I have conversation in my
inbox with different people from
LinkedIn. So the system will understand
and identify hey you know what this lead
to is not a good lead but Alan it's an
amazing lead. So we will label it as a
negative or positive. And every day when
I jump into my dashboard, I will have
new potential lookalikes companies based
on that filtering. And that's amazing.
>> Great. So now we have ICP lead list.
>> We need to build a prospecting sequence
as such a structure. So how do you do
that?
>> Um we have different ways and as I
always say there's no one unique magic
formula here. If not we all will be or
we have been millionaires for years and
decades. The thing is that the most
important thing here is to make sure
that whoever you're targeting, you
target them in the right channel with
the right message. And here is where we
jump into what we call the multi-
channelannel sequence and and the way
that we define the out motion and the
one that works the best because the
metrics backs me up and the results are
there are the multi- channelannel
sequence. I know we're going to jump
there into deep uh analysis. I can show
you how we do it.
>> Yeah. I mean so basically for me what I
find specifically with like growth
machine I do for multi- channelannel yes
is I like to have a LinkedIn email and
basically calling I don't do call
calling but calling people and making
sure we do that and specifically on like
growth machine what's really interesting
as you can see here is the voice notes
you know so you can actually create a
voice note and for me one thing I love
is that you have a voice note where
you're like hey Alan cur to know how
you're preventing your reps from turning
off prospects with pushy call outreach
but let's say I have a list of 200 100
prospects I want to reach out to.
Basically, I'm going to be able to
record this message and have an AI
avatar, change the name. Hi, Alan. Hi,
Batis. Hi, Dominic. So, I think that's
like a really good one. And you have
also some integrations with videos. So,
I think on top of being different
channels, you have different media you
can use. And what's great is that you
don't need to do as we had to do maybe
two, three years before where you had to
redo every video all the time. You can
really work on doing it once and getting
the AI to work for you. Basically, what
you're saying is we're going the extra
mile here, right? So, what we're doing
is not only just sending the same uh
audio or the same voice note to
everyone, but on top of that, even with
the integrations, as you can see here in
this workflow that I have as a multi-
channelannel sequence, I first warm them
up with visiting their profile, uh,
LinkedIn or liking into a comment and so
on. But then when I jump into a voice
note, as you say, it's at scale. I
record it once and then the avatar will
change the name based on the persona.
The same with the AI that Lagos machine
has. Yeah. That is hey understanding
your message and understanding what is
that you're selling and understanding
your personas. I will go into that
account-based marketing account based
analysis research and I will understand
what they do, how they perform, what are
the events that are going on in that
company in that persona profile as well
and based on that it will craft some
unique message and that's how we do it
and that's what why we have these
amazing uh uh returns or reply rates and
results.
>> Excellent. Let's talk about messaging
now.
>> So we talked about all these things
structure. Now the message is uh
something that's so complicated where
how do I pick the right message? What
does work? What doesn't work? So what's
your approach there?
>> I think that to be in a really good
position and to do it really really
good. The main goal here is uh as I was
saying at the beginning this should be a
natural organic consequence of doing all
the other steps correct. So in a
nutshell or doing a recap if you
understand who you're selling to, if
you're using tools like the growth
machine in order to make sure that you
enhance your prospecting your uh the
list building or research on top of that
you use AI in this case LGM helping us
in order to make sure that we are
prospecting in the right way sending the
right uh messages through the right
channels
>> the message will be just a pure
consequence but here is where the magic
happens and it's the triggers or the
signals that you can use. This is where
I think that you are adding another
layer of basically going the extra mile
and another layer of complexity that
will give you better results. So signals
of understanding if you have new hires
if that company is going through a
specific milestone or if something
happened internally with LGM we are
finding those signals as well that's how
I map all my sequence and I make sure
that that specific framework hits
directly into the heart.
>> Okay nice and also there's a one
specific feature and I can show you
here.
>> Please go ahead. the magic message. So
that's pretty interesting because you
know we have the writer's blog very
often. Let's say you have a prospect
you're like this is a prospect I want to
talk to. They're amazing but you don't
know how to you what to write or you
look for different kind of templates and
it doesn't work. So what you really good
do here is that you're going to simply
put like the type of company like name
of your company what are some of the the
key differentiator what you offer and
everything and then it's going to spin
and propose your message. And what I
love is that if you know what I always,
you know, if you hear about what I
always say is that I hate when you just
click on a button and it says, "Hey, I'm
going to send everything for you." So it
shows your message, but you can edit it.
And so it's kind of a great way to get
started and and don't waste 30 minutes
building a message for someone who was
like want to reply. So I think that's
kind of a great feature you can use on
that.
>> This is what we call the sales at scale,
right? So this is a solution that we use
in order to make sure that we do things
in the right way not just automated but
in the right way and making sure that we
can scale our prospecting our efforts
our campaigns our go to market motion at
some point. Yeah. And talking about uh
prospecting routines, you know, I love
routines, building stuff like that. Uh
there's one thing where let's say you
work a market, you know, you're focused
on, I don't know, the UK market and and
you've talked to a lot of people. You
talk to everyone. How do you make sure
that you get like new prospects
regularly that are interesting and
potentially interested to have a
conversation with you?
>> Ah, there are two main things that I do
that I try to do every every single
time, not only for myself, but also for
my clients. The first one is applying
technology. So everything uh points me
back into the growth machine in this
case that it's how can I make sure that
all the conversations that my clients
are having into their inbox into the
emails into the growth machines um
inboxes we are pointing them out into
understanding if hey you know what this
is a positive conversation that we had
then why don't we use this in order to
find it. So we are finding at scale
potential new clients. On the other
hand, in terms of messaging, there is
something that I love that is the real
chat mode. So the main difference
between being a seller and being a good
seller or an elite seller is how much
human you can feel and sound to your
prospects, right? And with the growth
machine, what we have here is basically
uh you turn on this toggle here and
basically what you can do is turn a
conversation into a human conversation.
So it sounds like you are the one typing
that out and it splits the message that
you already built based on the AI and
everything that we are talking into
different type of messages. So it's like
instead of saying hey tobo and all this
the pitch you start the conversation
with a tobo enter the message will be
sent then another message or part of the
message will send so it's like a
conversation I love that
>> that's pretty cool and that's one thing
for example the top performing message I
send to people is what's up what's
>> I get the most replies from hey what's
up and so I think the the more you can
sound human the more you know that I
think that's such a great thing and the
team at like growth machine they have
all these growth experiments they're
running which is a bit more marketing
and sales, but they have this culture of
just, you know, the tiny small things
that make a difference.
>> Absolutely. Small details will make you
different basically from the other 1,00
of sellers that are there
>> that are just doing the same.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> And and talking about multi-
channelannel organization as my last
point. So, how do you make sure you
manage like LinkedIn, phone number, I
mean calling, email, all this? How do
you make sure that you you don't like uh
basically drop the ball, you know,
between all these channels? Well,
there's a a one thing that is like a
non-negotiable for me when I'm running
either my own campaigns or campaigns for
my clients that is having the leanest or
cleanest or simple posh possible process
ever uh so far. That's why in this case
again with LGM what I'm doing is I have
everything inside of one solution LGM.
So I enrich my prospects there. I find
them there and then I build for example
I have a campaign here that I wanted to
show you that it's how I go from super
cold lead to someone that understands
what we do and who I am that is the most
important thing first of all
understanding what are the things that I
need to do in order to warm that up so
visiting a profile follow them checking
the profile again liking a post from
there defining all the different uh
routes or decision- making tree let's
say in order to make sure that say hey
you know what if they are not getting
back to me why don't I send a as I was
saying at scale. Then I send a agent
chat mode version with a super human
message and from there I jump into
email. So everything is inside the same
place. I can measure all I can track it
all and I can make sure that then when I
pivot or I improve I do it internally.
>> Okay. Amazing. So actually if you want
to go and check like growth machine uh
there's a link behind this video where
you're going to be able to give it a
test and instead of having 14 days of
free trial you're going to get to a
whole month. So, I really recommend you
go and check. You can also reach out to
Alan and me if you need more questions
about it. Uh, but before we wrap up, um,
Alan, you know, how can people just like
get in touch with you, follow up with
questions. What's the best place to
reach out?
>> LinkedIn. Yeah. Yeah. You go to my
profile directly. Just ping me there,
send me a message. I'm all day long
connecting there more than WhatsApp,
more than phone, more than anything. So,
I'm super happy to help or give any
advice or answer any question as simple
it is. So, yeah, there we are.
>> Thank you, Alen. Thank you for coming.
Was so nice together.
