Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Thibaut Souyris",
  "channel_name": "SalesLabs",
  "video_id": "_hMaCMbfFqA",
  "title": "5 human mistakes salespeople keep making (and what to do about them)",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hMaCMbfFqA",
  "run_id": "tbMZfBVeHoZx1R57O",
  "dataset_id": "bMal3iKMC5VMFyCb1"
}

Transcript:
Hi everyone and welcome to this round
table we have. So I have a pretty cool
Bchett. We say brochett in French like
when you have a lot of really cool
people together. So we have Yan Mundov
uh Dominic Lingberg and Alan Rushstein.
Welcome guys on the I don't know if it's
not a podcast but welcome on the round
table.
>> Thanks a lot.
>> So today we're going to talk about um
five human mistakes sales people do
during sales calls. And this is a round
table that is sponsored by Win AI. So
that's thank you WinI for this great
sponsoring. Um and I have like really
five problems I see typically with that.
The first one being not coming prepared
to a sales call or not having the time
to do so. So can you guys maybe we'll
start with you Dom. Uh tell me about a
time where you either one of your
coaches or you kind of didn't come to a
sales call and what happened basically.
So honestly I think I did this mistake
many times by myself like especially in
the beginning of my career. Um it was
just about mass of demos and just you
were just going through all the demos.
But I think nowadays it's super
important to be honest. Um and for me
there's actually no excuse why you
shouldn't be prepared in a call
especially with AI uh out there. It's
super easy to get all the information
and that was different like 10 15 years
ago when I started. So I think uh being
prepared is like mandatory right now. Uh
especially when all the teams that I'm
talking to telling me, okay, we have
very few pipeline. So I think then it's
even more uh important to be prepared in
your calls.
>> Yan, what about you? Uh think about that
discovery calls something you didn't
have time. I think you have a story you
shared on LinkedIn about that.
Yeah, I think my my first ever discovery
or first ever meeting with a CFO ended
like after six or seven minutes
because I was totally unprepared.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, I asked those basic questions.
I was junior. I wasn't really sitting in
a in a nice room and whatever. And then
the CEO just said, "Hey, listen. This is
not going to lead anywhere. Ciao." And
this uh really uh hit me, you know,
because I of course had prepared a lot.
I've I showed my time uh before it and
prepped it, but I couldn't show it
because I was so so insecure.
And I think what what helps me and what
helps me over time is sort of knowing
your stuff and also it's one point to be
prepared. It's another thing to to show
it, but also have a point of view,
right? So what a point of view is a sort
of your perspective on the things that
you hear that you reflect it and also
give something back and maybe add
something that another customer maybe
experienced and this comes over time and
what helps you there is to yeah for
example use AI to to prepare and ask
those questions like hey listen from
their perspective what is maybe the most
important thing that they would like to
get out to uh out of this call. So I
think knowing your stuff is really
important but also having the the
courage to add a perspective on it um
based on the things that you have
researched but also have heard from
them. And I think the second point is
really important to to let them speak
out let them really listen. Um so yeah
this would be my my stuff that mistakes
that I see right because a lot of uh
junior reps they come in they have
prepared and then they're just shaking.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And they get asked a question and they
they know everything but they just can't
say it at that moment. And also role
playing is a point there, you know, get
into the conversation before. What I do
when I have a pricing conversation, I
always say the price six times before
out loud so that I'm not shaking in my
voice when I say the numbers and I don't
say for example also
uh um the currency behind it. So I just
say 16024.5.
So that doesn't sound so expensive. So
these small things really make a big
difference when you are in those
situations.
>> You could uh price in Mexican pesos, you
know, it's like really cheap like that.
And actually talking about you know like
there's a a win AI feature for that
which is basically the the magic prep.
So So you have like uh no which is
basically the AI meeting prep. Um it's
something where you're really able to
all these things you talk about you know
the specifically about customer they're
able to get some data and do the prep
for you without you having to do
anything. So for me I know that one day
I was uh interviewing or doing disco
with the CTO of e-commerce company and I
wasn't prepared at all. I don't like to
prepare and everything and we he you
know I started asking him questions say
no I'm not here to answer questions say
yeah if you're not here to answer
questions it's not going to work. So we
closed the call after 30 seconds. But
yeah, that's something I I you know I
was young and and stupid. So that's
that's it. But basically there's a a
problem number two and this one I learn
for you. Um it's not sticking to a
methodology. So we know medicic band
proactive selling whatever all these
things are great methodologies. Um but
very often says people just like wing
it. I'm I'm guilty of it. So is it
something that you've seen a lot? How do
you deal with that? That's a great
question and I think that at some point
it's something that we were uh talking
with Dom earlier. Um it's not about just
the methodology. I think that frameworks
and system are amazing. Uh because as a
seller or whoever is jumping into the
call you need to understand what are the
things that you need to discover to peel
the onion as we say to dig deeper to
understand if there is a a pain a
challenge in there. Uh the problem is
when you don't have any training
whatsoever and when someone tells you
hey we are using the band methodology.
The problem is that you jump in as a
seller either a junior, either a senior
and the first thing that you say it's
all banned. So budget, authority, need
and timing. So tell me about your
budget. Are you the one with the final
decision? Uh it's something that you
have that you need right now and that's
it. Those are the three four questions
that I have to ask. No, that's the wrong
thing to do. The execution is everything
and this is a huge problem that I see
across every business and every company
that it's I have no idea what I have to
ask and even on top of not coming
prepared I know that I have a framework
that is three questions that is like an
interview session that I have to ask and
with that then I go to my manager and
they say oh they didn't know the
information but I did my job no that's
exactly the opposite we are the
consultants we are the ones that needs
to dig deeper and act like one uh so I
see that this is a major problem in the
industry for sure.
>> Dominic, um curious to know like if we
think for example about the the medic
med medic whatever you know it's just
like there's so many acronyms change so
with your the people you coach typically
how do you you know get them to track
something uh you know follow the
methology without sounding like robots.
>> Yeah, I think it's a very good good
question and it also relates a bit to
what Alan said already. I I did actually
a LinkedIn post this week and where I
said okay bunt is that as a framework
and was like huge discussion in the
comment section because people said no
it's you know it's worth it to use it
and whatever. So I think um it doesn't
matter which kind of framework you're
using. It's more about how you handle it
and looking to medic for example I would
say it's more relevant for enterprise
deals for example when it's getting more
complex and just because someone talks
about medic on LinkedIn doesn't mean
that you should use it like when you're
selling to SMB customers for example
then it's might be better to use a
different framework. So I think um what
I'm seeing with my coaches and the
companies I'm working with is that most
people don't know when to apply which
kind of framework and if they apply one
it's more like they're trying to use it
as a religion and just as as you
mentioned use the the framework as a uh
more like a questionnaire with the
customer and I think that's not what
it's supposed to be right so it's more
like a guideline and help you where you
should focus on and like what kind of
answers should I at but the questions
should be way different. So it's more
about o like conversation openness and
that's what I'm trying to also to coach
people is more like use this framework
but also think about questions how you
get the answers that you want to have
without just doing a check mark on your
list okay I asked about the budget now I
have my check mark right so that's not
lead you anywhere
>> yeah and so there's you know for win we
have a specific feature which is a
playbook tracker so that allows you to
when you're in the call have an idea of
how your what the questions you're
asking are you asking them correctly so
you don't need to go and have your
checklist and be like may dick whatever
or band budget authority need timeline
it kind of reminds you hey don't forget
to ask these questions in real time so
that's something interesting to try um
problem three not qualifying enough so
I'm going to ask you about this um is it
something you see a lot or personally I
I I've been selling for a while and
sometimes I just I'm not ready so I just
ask really weird questions is not
qualified. I waste hours with the
people. So, how do you avoid that?
>> I think you just have to fail enough
times to realize by yourself. And for
me, I actually was um I had a pavilion
class
uh was which was specifically on medic
and there every seller from around the
world. We were I think 200 people in
that call. Uh I was super junior and
there were some really like experienced
you know American enterprise sellers.
And then uh I was brave enough to raise
my hand and I prepared my deal and they
were taking it apart man like they were
nearly annoyed with me because it was no
deal whatsoever. I didn't know any
metrics. I didn't know the decision
process. I had no idea who the decision
maker was. And this was so eyeopening to
me the depth you need to understand what
a deal actually is because what I see is
that most deals are no deals. They're
just things in HubSpot which we call
deals. But in a good month, um I'm
working on maybe three to four deals.
The rest is just like crap that I need
to take out of my pipe. So, um if you
look at my pipe three years ago, it
would be massive and I would look super
nice pipeline uh built. If you look at
my pipeline now, um it's super slim.
It's very clear and uh very focused. So
[snorts]
being able to to cut out the noise is
one of the most important things you can
do and you need to learn as a seller
because in the end you need to spend the
right time of the opportunities and
Dominic was also a manager of a
colleague. He would he's the laziest AE
I've ever met, but he's also the most
successful because he just focus on the
right opportunities. And uh this is what
you what in the end selling is all
about.
>> Can you confirm that you're the laziest
person on earth?
>> I I'm not, but I am a lazy guy. That's
that's for sure.
>> Yeah, I think sales guys in general are
lazy. [laughter]
But I can uh like also uh maybe to to
add on that. I think um the what I've
seen with many sales people as well is
just like they're qualifying the deals
and it's just gut feeling right so it's
just like I remember one guy was always
saying this deal 100% it's going to
close and then in the last day of the
month like what about this deal ah you
know I couldn't reach this guy and it's
like as we implemented medic back then
it wasn't about gut feeling anymore so I
think that's why you should use kind of
a framework to actually you know
challenge also your sales reps and and
tell them. Okay, look, you you haven't
uh you don't have a decision maker. You
don't have the process uh outlined. So
that's why it's not going to close and
not Yeah. You know, my champion said
this deal is going to come. So I think
that's that's why frameworks are
actually super important.
>> Yeah. And it reminds you of a story. Uh
there's one of my good friends who's
helping us right now. Um and basically
we were working together at a tech
company in the US and we had the worst
quarter of the you know like worst team
worst quarter worst everything and uh we
had a guy a rep I won't I won't put his
name but he arrived and uh the VP came
from San Francisco to Berlin so just to
kind of kick our asses and uh and then
you know he started doing a forecasting
just to kind of clean up the pipeline
and this guy was like oh yeah I got this
1 million euro deal and we're the deal
size was like 12K on average. And so he
was like 1 million with this huge telco
company. We're so confident it's going
to close and whatever. And so that was
the example where just pure gut feeling
and uh and and his deal was
And so that's the issue with a lot of
pipelines is that they are just not like
you know they are I like to say it's not
a pipeline, it's a pipe dream that you
have. And so I think that's that's a
very common thing.
talking about wind there's like you know
the whole kind of real time guidance is
something that's really interesting
specifically because um you don't have
to go and uh think about the
qualification what you need to do it
kind of really suggest you in real time
hey you need to dig deeper on this point
you know you ask something but ask a
bunch of other questions so that's
something really important there and
there's Alan that's going to be because
you didn't talk a lot yet
>> involving me here
>> about uh trying too hard to script to
stick to the script. That's another one
where you know one is like you don't
stick to the script. The other one is
that you're obsessed with it and you
just can't get your mind out of I need
to answer this question. So how do you
how do you prevent that?
>> Um I'm thinking that I have a lot of
things that I would like to say with the
previous questions but I stick to the
script right now. Um that's a really big
one because that will bring you a lot of
other problems. Either you stick too
much or if you don't, you will have an
active listening problem and that will
impact directly in any framework any
qualification process that you go
through in any objection that you're
trying to handle because if you are
sticking too much to the script then
you're not thinking on what they are
answering to you. you just want to go
into the next step into moving into okay
then I need to understand what is the
current process what are the situation
that they're going through what what
this situation it's causing as a problem
impact measurement decision process
buying internal process etc um and this
happens more often than not right so
trying to stick to the process as much
or to the script as much as I can as Jan
was saying before it's about failing
experience will give you the sweet
balance between how much should I use my
script in order to guide me and how much
should I just be a seller, be a
consultant in order to make sure that
hey, you know what, I need to be a
little bit of a chameleon at some point
because with this company or the other
company, maybe I'm selling the same
solution, but it will be a total
different deal, right? Total different
needs, total different priorities,
different things happening internally.
So we need to make sure that everything
makes sense when we are having
conversation and that's why as
consequence this will be build trust
we'll build a real pipeline and not a
pipe dream. Um so the way to to avoid
this answering to your question man is
fail a lot fail fast but don't think
that there is one unique only way to do
it because if you see a colleague of you
killing it just following the script
that doesn't mean that you are able to
do it in that way. Maybe you can put
your own approach into it. Just make
sure that that script helps you peel the
real onion as you were saying
discovering or digging deeper into the
discovery. Uh you need to get deeper
into that and that's why the script is
there to help you.
>> Yeah. Um Yan for you a quick question of
that. So you told me you got tore apart
by some bunch of VPs at Pavilion
whatever. So then you learned how to put
like a medic in place. How in the first
few times you were doing that, how did
you manage to not go and be obsessed
with the script?
>> In the beginning, I was uh because what
you search as a new sales rep is uh
security and safety. And so your script
becomes your safety net,
but it also prevents you from from
actually listening to the person next to
you because you are so locked in, right?
And the different things you learn,
especially in the onboarding, right? you
there's a lot of knowledge that gets
thrown into your head but the most
important thing is to have a
conversation and to ask questions that
are real questions and curious questions
and I think most onboardings are not
based around that they are more around
product knowledge and everything this
you can all learn and this you can all
understand later but what's what's
interesting or decisive is to find a
pain right so actually the the analogy I
give every SDI I work with every new mae
is like forget about all you know you
just need to find out where the hole is
in the tooth that's what you need to
find and then you need to find is it the
pain that you can solve or not so and
that that you do by actually asking and
being curious just being curious and
then I think that those frameworks help
um afterwards but the other way around
having this checklist doesn't bring you
anything because you don't understand it
like you sit in a conversation and you
ask a And then you're like, I asked a
question, but I don't really understood
what he means by it. And that happens
when you when you're so blind in your
script. And that's happens to I think at
least 60 to 70% of all new sellers. Um
especially if you're new. So um what you
can do if you're on SDR right now, I
would um go and listen to the calls and
you what you will see the most
successful AES probably
are having more conversation. Then that
is what I would do. I would go through
the the winnings channel. I would look
at the the recordings there and see how
how they do they actually talk and what
you would see it's a conversation and
not this the script. This is what you
will see from more junior sellers. So if
I would go back in time I would always
start as an SDR and then move my way up
internally to become an AE because then
it becomes naturally from the phone into
the conversation. That's why we see SDRs
ramping way faster than as an AE in
comparison to newly hired AES in my
opinion. Got it. Thank you again. And
talking about, you know, like how again
you can make sure you don't don't uh
stick too much to the script. I think
it's really a great feature at Winaii is
to be able to have this again real-time
guidance. So even if you're in the style
of hey, I just don't want to prepare at
all. It's going to help you make sure
you ask the right questions. But if
you're like, "Hey, I don't want to miss
any questions." You can go in the same
mindset and it's going to make sure, you
know, like that, you know, it's going to
you can go and have a conversation and
make sure you're not missing anything.
So, I think that's what's a great use
case for AI is that instead of having a
checklist and having to look at it,
someone's looking, it's like an
assistant is looking at it and sending
you some questions to ask. So, I think
that's another good point uh to do. And
the last problem I think we see all the
time is uh not debriefing. Again, I
think Dom, I'm lazier than you because
sending a debrief email is the last
thing I like to do. So, that's one
mistake I do all the time is just to not
uh debrief and take the time to stay on
top of my deal. So, how do you do that?
How do you manage that?
>> I'm actually using AI for that because
I'm lazy. No, I think like uh that's for
me actually it's one of the most like
the best things that actually came with
AI is these kind of meeting
transcription tools that actually writes
the follow-up email for you. So you
don't have to waste any time with like
okay what did I actually say? Like I
remember like my first few years at
setup I had a book in the pen. And I was
writing down everything and then my
manager looked at me and said like hey
you need to put everything into the CRM.
So why you not typing while like talking
to the customer I said like look I
cannot listen and type on the computer
but then you know I've tried to train
myself to do that. So then I was typing
but now you can and that's I think
that's a beautiful thing with I like you
can really focus on listening to the
customers without typing without making
notes and then you get like a a
perfectly written email that you can
just simply send out with one click or
maybe you just have to adjust one two
things. So I think that's a really great
thing about AI that saves time and also
feeding the data into the CRM in the
end. Right. So I think this is for me
one of the best things that that came uh
so I can focus on on being more lazy
again.
>> Yeah, laziness as a goal. Alan, what
about you? I know you use AI a lot. Uh
how do you do it for just staying on top
of your deals?
>> Um I think that there is a one extra
mile that we can go here. I completely
agree with everything that the guys are
saying here. uh but the extra mile even
when you are in the call I think that
the debrief should be there should be
done there
>> either uh as a check-in in the middle of
the call threequarters of the call and
then at the end of the call like a kind
of a recap doing a either a mirroring or
a matching technique where you're
basically saying in their words what are
the things that you discover throughout
the full discovery call if you're in a
discovery call uh with measurement
impacts numbers uh ultimate goals
northstar and what are the things that
are as a roadblock in the in in the
process that we need to go through. uh
and that's the only way that they feel
listened and that you have a commitment
at least a verbal one saying yes that's
what happening to me because if not what
most likely happen is that you go back
to the CRM you have your notes from the
noteaker and then you just have
everything done but then you send an
email with a next step hey we will have
a call whatever the date is but you are
not sure if whatever you defined or
whatever you discovered is exactly what
they think is the most important thing
on top of that the debriefing as you're
saying it's really really important and
most likely when you get into those five
last minute of the calls you are rushing
to share the last demo feature or
whatever and you are not taking the time
to do it what you have to do and the
problem is that when you have more than
one people involved in that conversation
you have individual levels needs
>> and collective needs right and everyone
is trying to solve their own needs if
you have a BP a user a champion a mid
man middle management so it's super
important that you are able to discover
all the KPIs that are being impacted in
this process and to debrief them
collectively in the call. So then when
you jump into the email or whatever the
followup or even uh debriefing that
internally in your CRM, you're able to
match the individual ones, the
collective ones and they are aligned in
the same page as you are. So that's what
I would say.
>> Got it. And so in terms of a a last AI
feature I want to talk about for win is
really the AI meeting summary which is
something you know you talked about
where instead of you know you just go
you show up you know the AI tells you
about what are the questions you need to
ask things you need to make sure you dig
deeper but then it gives you a whole
summary of call to actions and
everything. So I think that's one of the
super powerful stuff. And to really
finish and wrap up on this thing, I
would love to know guys for each one of
you, what's one sales mistake or mistake
you keep making in sales calls? So if we
start with you, what's one you just
can't get your head around so the team
at win can actually build something to
help you?
>> I think that's a mistake a lot of sales
people are doing and it's just like
talking too much. I think it's I we all
know that rule, right? you should talk
less than your customers. But I think
>> people working in sales love to talk.
That's also a fact. And I think like
forcing yourself to not talk is um is
really important and it's like one
mistake I'm still doing after more than
10 years.
>> Yan, what about you?
>> Uh I have too many filler words in my
sentences. I need to cut that out.
>> That's awesome.
>> Alan,
>> um the talking too much is a real one.
Um, but I think that I'm sorry about the
word. I was about to say some f word.
Um, obsessed with discovery. Um, I'm
really obsessed with that. And
sometimes, most of the times, I think
that it's uh over exaggerated at some
point. Um when I go out of the calls, I
know that I have or I could have asked
two, three, four, 10 more questions to
dig deeper to peel the onion a little
bit more to make them feel that they
need me uh that they are having a
problem that the cost of inaction is
insanely high uh that the cost of
opportunity is high that the ROI that
they will get it's amazing and without
asking questions there's a stat that
bugs me up that it's 80% of the deals if
not more are lost within the disco
discovery goals and the problem is that
when you ask What's a discovery call
means? Most likely every seller will
tell you the first call, you have the
you book the call, that's the discovery,
then the demo, then the closing.
>> That's a big problem. Discovery call is
everything throughout the sales process.
So, um I'm obsessed with that. And the
big biggest mistake that I always commit
is I should have asked that other
question or the other one. After the
call, I realize that and yeah, that's a
problem.
>> And for me, for me, it's really like I
don't have a really good process for
next steps. I do. And when things go
well, I set good next steps. Sometimes I
just wing it and and so I don't have a
clear plan before the call to actually
have a good next step. So these are like
the for me that's the biggest thing. So
[snorts] thank you guys for joining this
round table. Again, if you want to go
and check Winai, just go and check the
link uh below. You're going to have a
free trial. And uh guys, thank you so
much for coming there.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> And uh let's party now.
>> Let's go party. Yay. [applause]
>> Thank you guys. Amazing.
