Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Gael Breton",
  "company": "Authority Hacker",
  "channel_name": "Authority Hacker Podcast",
  "video_id": "JMbRFcQobHU",
  "title": "What a Real AI Business Looks Like (No Hype)",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMbRFcQobHU",
  "source_type": "channel_recent",
  "upload_date": "",
  "duration": 2873.0,
  "caption_source": "youtube_transcript_api"
}

Transcript:
Today, we're lifting the curtain on how a real business actually uses AI behind the scenes. Not the flashy social media post that everyone makes, but the boring internal work that saves us hours and brings in lots of revenue, like our support bot that answers members questions while we sleep, a database that flags which customers are about to cancel, and a course that Claude Code built in just 45 minutes. I'm joined by Gail Breton, my co-founder, Authority Hacker, where we show you what actually works for business owners, not what looks good on camera. Let's jump right in. And really, the goal of this episode, Mark, is just to show people in real life how we use vibe coding to run a business that is mostly information work that you know, operations that are not necessarily what people do, but rather things they can get inspired from that could help them in their daily operations. And you'll see that most of this is non-custofacing. And yeah, let's just jump on the first one. >> Okay, so uh I'm going to go first. One of the things which we offer in our product in the plus tier is a WhatsApp community. And it's literally just a WhatsApp chat group that I've set up. It's none of the we don't have any of the business infrastructure set up. It's just like me personally on my phone set that up. And I need to make sure that the hund and something people who are trying to join that a are entitled to like they have the right membership access to be able to do that. I need to make sure I have their phone numbers. I need to make sure I add them to WhatsApp and that I've track in our system in circle uh our memberships software that they have been added so I don't try and do that again or anything and I know if I need to remove people in future that that's easy to keep track of as well. So, it's a really simple process that I was just doing it manually in the beginning cuz it's like ah, it takes 2 minutes. Like, doesn't matter. But, it's one of these things that just the more it comes up, the more you do it, it's like, ah, this is a pain. This is a pain. I wish I'd automated this sooner and kind of bought back some of this time. Uh, so I'm just going to show you the automation in practice. All I do load up Cloud Code. And if you type/W WhatsApp on boarding, it's going to load my WhatsApp on boarding skill. It's going to pull the data from the application sheet which it's set up and it's going to give me the phone number of the person I need to or the people I need to add to WhatsApp. I copy that, I go over to WhatsApp and I paste that in and add them. That bit is manual, but the rest, all the logging, all the templating is automated. And I've just now also set that up as a routine, which is a triggered workflow. So every day at 6:00 a.m. now, this workflow is going to run and it's going to do it. So I don't have to even like think of doing it manually. It's just automatically going to happen. >> The one thing you need to watch out with routines is the threats don't show up on your chat history on the left. They show up in that routine and on your phone only. >> Yeah. >> So yeah, and it's good 6 a.m. because it starts your limits early as well, which means you get a shorter session on your first session, which means you can hammer close code when you wake up. All right, so let's talk about how this actually works in practice. And this is the unfiltered reality of how we set it up. And I just want to say now, it's not perfect. So Gail, I know you're like here [snorts] shaking your head in disgust that why I still have Zap here, but I'll explain that as I'm going through it. So we have a form which is embedded in our circle community in a space that only plus members and max members have access to and they update their profile field basically and when they do that Zapier is listening out and it triggers an automation which sends me a Slack notification and it adds that data to Google sheet 100% we can automate this with cloud code like we don't need Zapier for it at all >> when I set it up we have have a Zapier account. We're using it for some other stuff. I was like, this is the lowest friction way to do this right now. I just I just need to need this set up. This was before I built the skill. By the way, uh this was just to trigger notifications. So, it gets added to a Google sheet, and I used to just have to go in, check that Google sheet, update it manually, check if they had the right access, do all that stuff. Now, however, when that skill runs, it has access to my Google Drive through the Google Drive CLI, which is like a sort of MCP thing. It's basically has full access to read and write everything. It was a bit of a pain in the ass to set up, but you know, Claude Code walked me through it. And once you have that set up, you can read and write things. I think my mistake early on was I thought I could use the clawed connector in there to do everything, but apparently that can only read information. >> It doesn't have a right title, >> not write [snorts] to it. So that was that was a bit of a Yeah. >> For the members who are listening, I actually made a lesson on connecting this specific CLA in a new course. And so it's like I teach CLA in general, but I use that one because I know it's a handy one. So it's like there's >> all it is, all a CLI is really is a way for AI in this case, so cloud code to access all of the functions that are possible inside Google Workspace, right? So it can open a sheet, it can read a sheet, it can write to a cell, that kind of thing. And it just makes it very streamlined and very easy and very quick for it to do. So you can also achieve the same thing using the MCP as well. So next thing is Claude will read the sheet and it looks up the members circle ID. So that's the data we get out of circle and I think out of Zapier as well. It's like this ID. It doesn't mean anything to me. I have to use AI to look it up but it does automatically. It figures out what membership tier they're in and if they are in the right membership tier then it's going to add it to my list of people to add and I just copy it. Gives me everything in a copy pasteable format. I add them to WhatsApp. They're in WhatsApp. I type done and then Claude tags everyone correctly so we know who's who's in there. Updates the member fields. Very very very simple automation. And as you can see like Claude does all these like really minor things like you know checks there's no duplicates so nobody's added twice. you know, it makes sure they have the right membership tier. Make sure like all the data in circles uh added and it's like uh it's very easy for me to copy paste in uh because it has like the plus symbol for international phone numbers cuz like sometimes people don't have that. It's like it just fixes all the tiny stuff that takes me like a few seconds or a minute here or there. But that really adds up over time. >> Here's my question. that >> why don't you try to use the computer use to have it add people on the WhatsApp app if it runs like 6 a.m. >> Yeah. I mean it's probably the next thing I could do with it. Uh I mean the honest answer is when I last used computer use admittedly this was like 4 months ago or something. It was pretty crap. But I I hear it's gotten a lot better. So yeah. >> And it's not just that. It's like you have time right 6 a.m. You're probably not at your computer at the time. So even if it's slow as hell like you can probably just do it. I do more and more browser use, computer use now actually. It's not perfect. It's slower and it's clunky but it will do it eventually if you give it enough time basically. So yeah, I mean that's like very simple basic skill. I think anyone can build that in a very short space of time. You though have created a slightly more complex skill and then done something quite different with that. So that's probably like the next level up from just building a simple skill. You want to talk to us about that now? >> Yeah. So I mean as we said we're going gradually more complex through this. Your first one was like a simple scale. The next one I have is actually still kind of a scale and the output is basically like the lesson notes. So for example this is the new course that we just released like the clo code means business one which is an update to our code course but it has like new work templates works a little bit like open and her and stuff but the point is the entire course inside circle which is the platform that we use was created by cloud code. The only thing I did was shoot the videos and they were edited through the script and then I basically gave clude code the link to the videos on the script and it did everything. It created the lesson notes. It created the illustrations. It humanized the whole thing. So you won't see a single m dash here and it actually sounds pretty good and sounds like me. Did all that. Uh and it didn't create one lesson. It created all lessons, all notes, everything when the course is done in one prompt basically. And I can actually show you the prompt. You can see the prompt that I uh actually gave it was like hey I want to create a new course called cloud coin business and circle not published yet. Uh create the lessons video 1 to9 including 2.5. It's like a lesson I put in between and I just I did not even export the videos or the transcripts or anything. I just gave it the link to the folder on the script which is like the you know cloud video editing tool that we're using. And I was like, for each video I want you to create beginner friendly non-jargony lesson notes that walk them through the step and the concept and what to do well formatted. When explaining concept, create images using GPT images, which is another skill that we have, like the image that you just showed, for example, just basically did that. And I just told it like whiteboard plus handdrawn marker, which is kind of the style I usually go for. And I kind of keep it consistent. For each lesson, create a thumbnail with my photo. And so again, for all the thumbnails of all the videos were also created in one shot. So that means 10 thumbnails plus about 30 to 40 images plus about 10 lesson notes. And I said, "When you're done, upload everything on Circle. Point me to the folder with the thumbnails cuz the thumbnails I need to upload with the videos at the end. Ask me any question if you need more context. You can see the outline of the course here." And I gave it a notion link. Like again, I did not export anything or whatever. It's just all connected to everything. And Godspeed. >> I uh [laughter] I like how you wrote Godspeed at the end. Does that think that made any difference? >> No. Uh it's just fun for me. So this is like a really complex project. Not a task, it's a project. I mean when we had a team of people before this was, you know, like multiple people working on this for, you know, days if if not a week >> to pull something like this together. So it's pretty impressive you're able to do that with just this one prompt. Now >> this was about basically because the model is like clawed code and the model is so good now or what's the reason it's able to pull this off? Yeah, it's just able to kind of like stay on track longer and I think that's kind of what you see in terms of the models getting better. So a lot of people are like ah Opus 4.8 is it really better than Opus 4.5 etc. It is but not necessarily like early in the context of for small tasks. It's like the way I explain to people is like you cannot write emails 10 times better anymore with AI. Like there's no way to write better. >> Diminishing returns on what you can get. And especially if you watch, you know, we're guilty of this as well, like YouTube videos, podcasts, uh where people are talking about the new models like they come out and they have a few hours or minutes to test it. So they go like, oh, generate an image or write an email or do all the stuff they've done before. But it there's marginal difference versus like a big project like this with thought uh you know it takes like a lot longer to actually produce it. So that's where you're seeing the difference. So >> yeah it's like these outputs are saturated basically at this point like they will get marginally better with the new models and like you'll find a slight improvement but the reality is like this is where we've progressed in the last six months is like you need to be more ambitious with your prompts and give them bigger things. It's a discussion we have a lot internally is like how can we just offload more responsibility. This was literally like this is going to be studentf facing and you're building this. Now the two things that I had to do that was uploading the videos and the thumbnails mostly because the MCP doesn't allow not because clo couldn't do it. It's just like it doesn't have >> circle MCP doesn't allow uh yeah uploading videos. Okay, that makes sense. >> And then other than that it was adding some screenshots. So like taking screenshots for some areas. So for example the initial install. You can see the thumbnails are good by the way. They're not too bad basically. And like these screenshots for example I did manually because we're not at the point where it's good enough to create the right screenshots at the right place etc. So I created a few screenshots. You can see otherwise the explainer images etc. They're good. They're like simple for beginners. Uh yeah it's very scannable. It did the formatting very well. It did all of that. It figured it all out for me basically. And so in the end putting this whole course together was like code walking for 45 minutes and me maybe another 45 minutes of like making sure that screenshots are here, uploading the videos and uploading the thumbnails basically. And there's about 10 lessons. There's 10 more that are coming out actually uh this week. So this course will be at 20 lessons. But the idea is like yeah, I just need to shoot videos now. And then everything else is almost fully automated and it's quality like I don't think the quality compared to what we used to do previously. I don't think the quality has dropped. Arguably it's better like the explainer images etc. We didn't do that before. So that shows you as well how you can combine multiple skills because there's a skill for creating the lesson nodes. There's a skill for creating images. There is like some skills that explain how to use circle for example. It kind of combines all these things into one mega prompt and does that. >> Something I want to add here because you know a lot of people challenge us on like hey you know when I use AI it's it just gives me kind of slop it's not as good but I think the difference here is that you have created original content here in the tutorial >> the video. Yeah right exactly the video. >> So it's not like making up facts about how to get cloud code up and running itself. It's using your information and it's just like finding nicer or clear ways to articulate points that you've already made. So, it's really like a repurposing task rather than a full generation task here. That's why it sounds >> does it has a bit of freedom in the sense that it's allowed to expand a little bit what I say. So, you can go and use web search and it's like let's say there's like some details, some settings that I forgot to mention, whatever. It will kind of correct me in the le notes and then make sure the whole thing is better. But like, you know, it's like a little bit of wiggle room, not like start from scratch. And I did the planning. I did all of that. I used AI to help me with the planning. Sure. But it's like I was involved and it wasn't like fully automated, whatever. What was fully automated was like all the boring work basically like all the rewriting things and making sure the notes are clear, uh, making these explainer images, briefing them, all of that, like the prompting. I didn't have to download them. I didn't have to do anything. It just uploaded them for me. Like all that busy work. And I think that's kind of the thing. It's like people aim to make AI create their content. But I think they should free up their time to create content uh exactly and then just have AI do all the boring stuff uploading all the even editing etc. And then that's how you create content that people still care about. So this course is quality like people love it so far. We've had really good feedback. >> I think as well people are so people might be watching this and think oh I'm not creating courses or I'm not so much of a content creator. This doesn't apply to me. But let's say you know you're an agency or you're in an internal sort of B2B team right you are creating content when you have calls with your clients or sales calls or any kind of call that you have a transcript with you can run a similar process here to you know generate your proposals or >> um your project plans or whatever else it might be and it'll like it's not difficult to build something like that. I mean you saw Gail's prompt there as well like three or four paragraphs >> because there's a lot of skills behind but yeah sure like once you've built your infrastructure like you need to kind of build this kind of knowledge base same like my workspace has a lot of knowledge about the company the tone everything like it has a lot of context to use and that's why like I think it reads well like I think it's like the reading the writing for example is very clear and it doesn't feel like it was like super badly written by AI for example um because you have that context >> and I'm just going to take a sec to do a shameless plug here but if you want to learn how to build a workspace exactly like that and all the skills that go behind that. Then we're actually running a free webinar for you guys next Tuesday. That's going to be the 16th of June. It's at 5:00 p.m. UK time, so it's about noon Eastern time. Uh it's completely free. Gail and I'll be hosting it and we're going to show you behind the scenes on how we build all this kind of stuff, how we set up our Claude Code workspace. And it is for business owners who are non-technical. So don't worry if you've never written a line of code in your life. We don't write code. We communicate with claude code in English. Uh, and you can build all this stuff pretty quickly. Y >> um, and we'll show you how to do stuff. >> We're going to show you some better ones. These are the easy things. This is the lowest level basically [laughter] >> like day one or week one stuff. Yeah. >> Yeah. This is so authorityhacker.com/webinar and you can sign up for free there. Hope to see you there. All right, Gail. So, we've talked about making simple skills. We talked about making some more advanced skills, but something we've been doing a little bit more of is taking skills and turning them into kind of autonomous agents or bots or what would you really call these things? Yeah. I mean, basically moving them like these things, they run on your clothes code. You're usually typing on your keyboard for these things to happen. It's like how do you make them happen when you're not at your keyboard? And I think you wrap a bit more code around it and you host it on the cloud basically. Like how do you do that? And I think that's kind of the logic like progression. You start with like making a skill. You're like, am I happy with this? Is AI doing a good job? Etc. And then for some jobs, for the courses, I wouldn't do that. But like for some of the jobs we're going to show you, it makes sense that you should not even be intervening at all and it just happens. And then that's kind of like you build this for the multiplayer when your attention is not even needed for the thing to happen because that's kind of the limitation that we are starting to feel right now. It's like we run all of these things on code etc. But you're kind of running like five threads at once and so on and there's a lot of things happening and then it's like you're still >> it's not it's not even like that's not the problem that you're running five physical threads in claw code. It can handle that. It's your like it's your brain. >> My brain is the bottleneck. Yeah. Cuz like you do five times as much work and that's great, but then you have to think about five times as many things. And even though you're not physically doing it, it's like you're doing less actions like actions per minute but like your thoughts per minute is like way way higher. And that is tiring. >> Yep. >> Uh so this kind of gets around that. >> Okay. So the next part I want to show you is actually our support bot. So it's actually we have a get help section and you can see that for example people can ask questions and get help and we help them like we are still here helping people. However, I am not awake 24 hours a day and I'm not always at my computer and sometimes people are stuck on things and it's not great to wait for like many hours. And the thing is I often found that people's problems I could solve not necessarily by my great knowledge in my head but rather by prompting AI properly. And so quite often I would just answer to people like a summary of what I would get from an AI chatbot connected to the knowledge base that I have also in my workspace and you know my notes and and all that stuff basically. And then I was like wait I'm becoming a copy paste machine again. [laughter] uh was like it's like it feels like added value but really it isn't like because it's like I wasn't doing much. And so what I did is I built this little age helper. Uh age helper is basically that for this is my avatar. This is the age helper avatar which is me uh as a robot basically and the idea is agehelper is always here to help you out and whenever you post a question in the uh get help section only then if it's a technical question it's going to answer. if it's not a technical question like if someone's like super mad at us etc. is actually going to skip answering and it's going to wait for a human to answer. So it's pretty smart in a way it decides what to do. And so initially I built it on my computer. So I would call my computer and my computer would wake up and we start it's built on codeex and then it was connected to a whole prompting system. It gives like these pretty cool things these pretty cool instructions and stuff. Sometimes it even gives prompt for people to give to their code. So that code solves the problem for them. Like we've built all that stuff and the idea is I get back to them. And so how is it? Just to be clear though, so you had this system like internally that you were using to answer a lot of questions. Yeah. Before >> I did it manually. I had a skill >> and then I was like, I'll make it a bot. It run on my computer and then eventually I was like, well, what if I'm traveling? My computer is off. I run on a laptop. I don't have a Mac Mini. >> So from a skill to a bot to an autonomous bot essentially. >> Yeah, pretty much. That's where I'm at, right? And now I'm actually expanding it. So I'm building like DMs into it, for example. So people can DM it and not necessarily share publicly their issues and it can help them because people are liking it quite a lot actually. Um and so >> and and I want to be very clear as well because I know a lot of companies will be like oh I don't want to automate my support. That's a bad experience. They have you know horror stories from uh big companies like PayPal that you can never get through someone and you just keep getting automated answers things like that. >> Yeah. >> Well we've fully disclosed that this is uh AI helper. Like if you come out of this Gale, there's a big image at the top of the get help section that explains how the system works. Like you'll get your AI helper reply and then we will come and reply when we're awake. >> And you can see I jumped in, right? It's like I jumped in later and I was like, "Yeah, I actually agree with what the bot said." So yeah, whatever. [laughter] >> So people are getting the best of both worlds. They're still getting the same answer or similar answer to what we would have given them anyway. they're still getting the marker gale kind of oversight and they're also getting an instant answer as well. And so when you present it like that, then it's a win-win for everybody. >> Yeah, I agree. And it's like, you know, for example, like Detroit this guy and actually this was before I fixed the formatting issue with the new bot, but like this guy asked this complex question and then AI helper gave him like this answer and gave him the prompt to give to code for like how to build his strategy and everything. And literally like people are like, "Oh, this is super helpful. I hope to learn how to hire someone like you later. So, it's like it's actually a good thing, right? It's like uh >> I I think we get away with it a little bit more because >> because it's an AI thing, >> AI, right? So, you do have to be a little bit careful with that stuff, but I mean customers getting instant answers that are good. >> Yeah. And then I DM >> that's a very positive thing. >> Then I jumped in. I DM'd him a skill that I use for strategy and I was like try to use this. And the point is this guy has to Anyway, let's go back to how this works. I don't think people care too much about how we run things. And so, how does this work? is like yeah member ask and now what I've done is actually the codeex instance that runs this is on the digital ocean server which means that it's always on and then my computer can be off and it is just a terminal on a digital ocean server I think we pay $12 per month and it basically operates that and I've worked quite a lot on protecting it from prompt injection and things like that so for example uh it does not have many tools it can only do web search and the context of like the membership and all the notes that we gave it for like knowing what to and and the knowledge is actually gathered by a third party Python script. So it's kind of like gathered by a script that runs before and then it gives it to the bot as context to use. Basically it just and then the but can use that or not use that. Then what happens is the bot can only draft an answer and it doesn't even interact with circle. So someone cannot prompt inject it on like you know do some crazy things on circle and then what happens is just it passes text to a script that uh then post the answer which means like the script itself cannot be prompt injected and can only do one thing which is post an answer it cannot interact in any other way with circle so the point is like I've thought a lot about security on these things I'm a bit if you guys are in the membership you know I'm a bit stupid on security maybe but I care a lot about that and it's not just a random codeex thing >> stupid is the right word I think paranoid is the right word I'm I'm a bit scared. So basically I wasn't careful. [laughter] >> Uh and so the point is like >> stupid would imply you're don't care about it. So I the opposite. >> I care about it a little bit too much sometimes. So that's kind of the way I built it. And it's quite interesting because it has a filter. So the AI before it answers basically decides if it's going to answer or not. So in the output it says post it or don't post it. And it will help with like technical issues for example and finding resources on the thing. But like if someone's like hey I want a refund or you guys suck or whatever. um then it's not going to start replying. >> No, no one's posted that so far though, right? >> So far, it hasn't happened, but who knows? That might happen one day. And if it does, in principle, it should not respond basically. And so that's the idea. Now, one thing that's really kind of cool with this bot is it, as I say, it runs on codec cli, which runs on the subscription, which means like this basically runs like this whole thing runs on 20 bucks per month subscription. This runs on Gypy 5.5. So, it's a good model. It's expensive as well, and that's why the answers are so good. But the point is if we paid API prices, we'd probably pay hundreds of dollars. And because I actually built it on a server that can run a terminal, I can connect it to a basically subsidized subscription from OpenAI and therefore reduce our cost significantly. >> Is that kind of kosher or is that a bit >> actually open is kind of cool with it. So like if it was entropic, they would not be cool with it. But like Sam Atman came out and like if you pay for subscription, you can use it however you want and they're fine with programmatic use or whatever. So it's like so far so good. It might change in the future, especially as need to turn more of a profit. But right now, it's worth doing for us. And that's kind of a tip for those of you who care about that is that if you run on something like a digital ocean server, you could run the terminal, you can run a subscription, and you can save a lot of money. Like a $200 subscription would give us like so much. Like eventually, I could imagine us expanding this, paying $200 a month and get like basically unlimited usage for all these bots, for all our needs, our automated needs basically. That's kind of how I see it. And then eventually if they stop it. >> Does that have to be a full-time 24/7 server? That would that work on like a Cloudflare work? >> No, it wouldn't. I don't think it would work. Maybe it would. I I mean I'm not a programmer so I'm sure there's like a crazy way to make it work, but like out of the box you kind of need like a terminal. Uh and so that this runs on Linux and it's a terminal and everything and but you can run it on very cheap server. I think the server we run is $12 per month. So yeah. And just to be clear as well, like we really don't know the ins and outs of all of the like, you know, Cloudflare and Digital Ocean and things like that. It's like Claude had or Codex has built it for. >> This is a proper vibe coding podcast. Like we're talking about like it's like even a lot of these logics on like I was like let's just make it secure. Let's brainstorm ways to make it secure. And it was like okay well we need to prepare for prompt injection. So we're going to gather the context outside. We also won't make it take any action. It's just going to write text basically. So it cannot do anything. You're not starting by saying hey here are the five steps I want you to follow. What you're doing is you're saying I want it to this is the outcome and I want you to think about security. >> Yeah. I'm scared of prompt injection. How do we fix that? Uh update the plan and then basically we'll do some research and do it right. >> It's almost like a good way to think about it is like you're the like uh non- techsavvy CEO talking to the CTO who has to then go away and like build it. And that CTO is now clawed or codec. >> Yeah, exactly. You come with your questions and your problems and then you have it walk on solutions and now is this going to be like, you know, enterprisegrade solution. No, but like for a bot that just answers on the private community, it's fine. Basically, >> and something that you said to me last week actually was like try and push the envelope out a little bit more. Um because I think a lot of people they have an idea of what they think AI can do. Yeah. >> Especially if you're kind of a bit of a perfectionist and you're quite particular about how things are done. >> Um I'm sure a few people can relate to that. >> Then you kind of like tell it what it needs to do. But if you just give it the goal and the objective, you might be quite surprised at like how capable it really is. Now, and what I like to make it do as well is I'm like, "Oh, instead of trying to come up with things, just do some research in like GitHub repositories and how people are addressing this problem, right? So, it's it goes on like a bit of a web search or it sends like a sub agent that does a bunch of web search and that comes back with useful context that then guides its technical decisions. And so, you're kind of piggyback writing technical people that posted stuff on the internet basically. So I'm not using codeex very much at all right now but I'm building most of my stuff in cloud code. Sometimes when it does that it comes back with like you know quite technical program type language and I get a little bit like I don't know what this means. >> Quite often. Yeah. Yeah. quite often inside my chats I just stop it and I write Eli 10 what this means like explain this like I'm 10 years old what this means and it and it makes a very nice analogy and it's just like oh okay right I get that >> exactly so it's just a lot of people do that right they get an answer from AI that they don't understand and they're like oh that's it I'm in technical land I can't do this and it's like they give up but actually it's just like hey I have no clue what you just said like explain again quite often as well ask me questions and it's like I have to make decisions it's like oh do you prefer using this uh this crazy branch of this thing or do you want like to create a custom CLA about the API? You know, crazy technical terms. I'm like, I have no idea what you're saying. Just just rephrase this please in a simple way. >> Another good one is like, all right, now we need to set up the server and do this and like that would be step one. Step two would be this. And the answer is do it yourself or just just do it for me. >> It does that. It gives you walk and you shouldn't do it. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> It's like I'm like no, no, no. I don't do anything. still on the chat and uh yeah that's one I think that's one thing we talked about as well is like you install the terminal tool and then you just have it operate the terminal tool and you don't leave your chatbot the truth is the most of this customer support I built on my phone I built on the Codex app by just talking to it like a walkie-talkie while walking my dog and most of actually a lot of my codeex building time is on my phone now and just kind of talking into it at the gym outside whatever or even like on my sofa end of the day when I'm super tired and just get ideas for features. So, for example, like last Sunday, I was like, "Ah, would be great if people could DM and kind of talk about more sensitive topics with the bot cuz it's pretty helpful." And then it's like I already have a feature that's set up now. It's not live, but it works. And then it's like I need to test it more. But like uh eventually, >> you are you reading the response it gets or do you have it like text to voice into an AirPod or something? >> I like to read like I'm a I'm a reader, but everyone to their own like if you want it, you could do that. Uh but yeah, anyway, that's the support bot. It's kind of handy. And again, that could be answering customers emails, that could be helping with technical questions, that could be anything like eventually I want to make it almost like an API. And I want to plug it into all our customer support channels basically. So that's a VIP code project that went all the way from a scale to like a proper bot that runs. >> Nice. I want to move on now and talk about something which I first heard about when back in the day when I had a real job in a large enterprise company. It's called data warehousing. And it's one of those terms that sounds like kind of corporate bingo that I just like, oh, send me to sleep now. Kill kill kill me now. >> It sounds boring. >> It sounds boring, but it's super cool when you don't have to do any of the work behind it and you just kind of give it the guidance to do it. So, do you want to explain what the problem is we're actually trying to solve with this and how we built this warehouse of all our data? >> And I actually have this little image that was prepared for that. And basically, it's the idea of creating one database that has every single event that happens in your company. So if you look at what we do for example, we collect payments on stripe. When people check out it comes there. People use our product on circle which is like a community platform. So whether they watched a video, they logged in or they liked something or whatever like that data lives there. Then we do email marketing with a tool called Bento. Again they have all our open rates, their click rate, when people subscribed. We also track like you know when subscribers visit certain pages on the website for example that kind of stuff. It's pretty handy for like signal of whether people are going to buy or not. Uh we have all our support questions on help scout which is another support platform. And then we usually collect kind of like forms through an app called EU form, right? And then there's even more. >> The reason the reason we use euform by the way is because we got this amazing lifetime deal on it many years ago and it's it's been brilliant. >> The truth is you could v code a U form in about 30 minutes I think now. But it's finally >> 30 seconds now probably. Um, honestly, it's so well built and so nice and it integrates with everything. It's just like cool, we just use that. >> But the truth is, >> you know, they even have an AI agent that I now get prompts to copy paste into that agent and it just builds the form for me as well. So, >> okay. >> Okay. Not bad. But yeah, still you could just V code. >> How about you form by the way? Yeah. >> Yeah. So, anyway, we have all that business data living in different places. But the thing is like the story of a customer lives across all these platforms, right? So, it's like they might have some support tickets, then we have some activity data here. we know what they paid on Stripe etc. It's kind of difficult to tell for example like is a customer about to cancel for example which like to tell that you need to be able to know when their payment plan ends for example their level of activity are they subscribed or not to the list did they complain about anything on helps card or like is there any activity from any form that we have and then if you combine all that data you can start telling the story of where this customer is at with your product but individually each of these things doesn't really help you tell the story and so what we v coded was basically just a simple way to send all the data of all these platforms into one big company database that we host on Superbase. You can start for free. We pay $25 per month for that. Uh right now, mostly because we actually process quite a lot of data. Uh and but it's fine like we will be >> I mean that's it's crazy compared to the like the hundreds of thousands of companies pay for some like Oracle or you know one of these big enterprise database systems. >> And that's kind of the thing with small businesses, right? We've always had all that data in all these tools, but we never really made use of it because it just was too much time, too much effort, and too difficult technically to do it, right? >> And because it's in different places. Yeah. It's difficult to do. >> It's just it was difficult like connecting APIs, all of that. It just breaks and you have to update it and you know what I mean? Like and so now we can actually go on code and for example, you know, I said use superbase, which is the database, and tell me how many member subscriptions are expiring this week. And I can tell exactly that there are 14 memberships expiring this week. And I can tell, you know, like one that is expiring, so they already cancelled. there is four that are renewing for sure and these are actually unknown. So I would need to dig deep and then I could say like okay which of these members are at risk for example and what it would do would get is it would get the data from circle and it would say which ones did not log in for example in the last 14 days or something and we just kind of highlight them to me and I say then please email them and propose them to have a free catchup call with me for example and then all of a sudden I can reactivate these people and they can keep paying me and that was literally three prompts on cloud code now it's connected on the database and so that's what this database does is it allows us to get visib ility and take action and not only us take action but the AI takes action on people basically and we can just optimize our revenue just by being helpful to the right people at the right time basically. >> Yeah. And because that now cloud code has access to that anytime we do something that touches members. So a good example would be the member survey we did a couple weeks ago. So we got about 250 people to reply, fill in like eight or nine questions multiple choice and there was usually we used to do just multiple choice questions on surveys but now because we have AI analyze it we had like an open text field for you know like what could we improve you know the questions like that and it was able to not only analyze that but cross that data against with what was in the superbase database you know what type of member are they how active are they and you know we can see like what are the active people doing what their lifetime big spenders. >> Yeah, exactly. So, it's like you don't just take the survey output, you just actually can wait it for like how much revenue that is for you and which segment you should optimize for that kind of stuff and that changes everything. Basically, you don't just data >> instead of Gail and I, which we were actually doing having like quai arguments about like no our members need this. This is what they want. This is what they hate. This is these are the problems. We're like why are we let's just ask them and then have AI figure it out. And it did. >> It was good. Being able to get that level of insight about your business and your customers and what they need and where you should take your product is invaluable. Every business needs to do that. >> I mean consultants pay like charge literally tens of thousands of dollars to do that and all we did was like a Google >> millions of dollars millions of dollars for like Mckenzie to go into an enterprise. >> Most of our listeners don't hire McKenzie. So probably the level of consultants they will hire will be tens of thousands. Uh >> I'm just saying like the same way um building a lot of infrastructure you know with code was out of reach for small business because code used to be expensive now things like having a not it's not really a consultant but like this level of data analysis it was completely out of reach before because it was so expensive but now everyone can do it. It's a great equalizer. >> Yeah. And just to explain quickly the technical way how it works is basically every time something happens there's something called a web hook in these apps. So for example, Stripe sends a web hook and it's like it sends data to a Cloudflare worker and that Cloudflare worker basically cues it to update to Superbase and then every 15 minutes depending on which APIs it will actually query the API to see if it missed any event basically and it just kind of updates itself and the idea is like the data is constantly updated like every time someone likes a post on Circle, every time someone logs in, every time someone clicks on an email, every time someone opens and we can just reconcile that into member profiles and we get like full data basically. It's very very cool. You should do that if you have any customer data. And one thing about the survey that you didn't mention as well is like the survey was only like seven or eight questions. It was very small which was easy to do for people. But at the same time, because we could cross it over with the data, we got an insane amount of insights actually. And so like it goes well beyond what you imagine when you do that. And you don't even need to know what you're doing. What we did is we're like here's the survey output, use the database and figure out what people want basically and focus on like and help us segment people by revenue activity etc. and do all these segments and that's it and we got it. So yeah, that's pretty powerful. So yeah, you can ask all these questions that who might cancel soon, who applied to our plus level, was that person's full history? And yeah, Cloudflare, we pay $5 per month. Superbase, we pay $25 per month. And these APIs are usually included in whatever tool you're paying for. So it's not expensive basically. >> Yeah. And the interesting thing about building on Superbase is you can actually kind of build software within there. Let me sort of talk you through an example here. So they have something called edge functions which is as far as I understand a little bit like a cloudflare worker but it's kind of built directly into superbase. >> Yeah, that's correct. >> Yeah. Am I right there? >> That's correct. That's correct. [laughter] >> It's waiting to be you don't even know what we built. It's fine. It's true. >> Yeah. This is the point like I don't [laughter] like >> but it's working right. >> But I still have this work like I built this yesterday in like couple hours. So, we now have a cancellation or refund form on our website. Again, shout out to you form AI uh gave me all the prompts to build this. So, when somebody fills that in uh and they want to cancel their subscription, we get some data and we ask them like why they're cancelling and you know what we could have done to convince them to stay. Very, very useful information to have. So, what happens is they'll fill in that form. Um, we have a quick check to make sure it's not a bot and you know that form's not getting spammed. Um, but then it sends that data into Superbase, but the edge function within Superbase is essentially like this agent that spawns up and starts doing a few different tasks here. So, it's going to look up all the data about that member. So, for example, which courses have they taken, which lessons have they been through, how much have they paid, how long have they been a member, like those types of things. and it's going to use all of that data to then generate a response to their cancellation request. So, you know, if they just want to cancel, like, hey, this isn't for me. I'm not interested. Fine. I'm not going to try and stop anyone. But if they're like, oh, it was too difficult and I couldn't figure out how to do this and this. Then that's an opportunity for us to save that sale and to offer them a solution to that. That may be directing them to the relevant content. that might be, you know, some kind of discount or promotion or some kind of offer that we can give to people that way. And being able to do that in a highly tailored and personalized way is really, really valuable because, you know, we've all been through these cancellation process before and it's like you get a generic, hey, you know, you're trying to cancel, here's a free month or something like that and it's like you don't really care about me. This is just your automation. But in this way, we're giving people a more custom kind of experience of this and kind of really helping them to solve their actual problems in there. So, how that looks at the end is when someone fills in this cancellation form, it has this decision logic in here. So, you know, are they eligible for a refund? What's their the kind of monthly billing uh cadence? You know, those types of things, what's set and what's not. And then it's not going to send them, it's going to draft them a reply. And so, this is a super super basic reply. By the way, I just built this yesterday, but it shows you what you can do with it. And I can just go in there and edit that as I want or just send it as it is. And and we're kind of good to go from there. The edge function itself is receiving the data from the U form. So from the ticket, it's using GPT 5.5 to draft a reply using all of that data and then sending that draft into Help Scout or customer support software. Uh, and so all of that, which would have taken me, you know, 5 10 minutes to do, and I wouldn't even have been able to do all of the stuff in there because there's no way I'm going through all of their data and all of their, you know, view history and lesson history every single time. It's like it's just not feasible to do that. It does all that in literally like seconds. Uh, because it's the edge function sits right inside Superbase, so it can access the data really, really quickly. There's like zero delay there basically. So yeah, this is something that I built on top of the database that Gail set up there. >> Yeah, and that's the thing. We can now start building all these stuff and do that basically. It's really cool. Just wanted to say one thing about the model selection because people were like, "Oh, why are you using GT5.5?" And the reason is because actually GT5.5 is actually a very uh efficient model. It's very cheap if you run it in low reasoning and medium reasoning. And I actually have some data to prove it. So this is artificial analysis and a lot of people run on 4.6 which is kind of like considered like a costefficient way to do which is not much cheaper than Opus anymore by the way. Opus is almost the same price was $4,200. But if you run G5.5 in medium or low you can see G5.5 medium did the same test for $1,199 and low did it for $500 which is pretty good. Uh and it's actually like almost on par. It's almost on par with Gemini 3.5 flash actually if I put it in perspective. So if I put 3.5 flash in there actually 3.5 flash high is here. Yeah, it's actually higher. 3.5 flash is $1,500 and GP 5.5 medium is $1,200. So actually 5.5 if you use it as like not maximum reasoning is actually a pretty good cost efficient model that writes pretty well and is pretty smart basically. So my recommendation right now and I used to recommend flash but flash got expensive is to actually use 5.5 in low or medium reasoning for bang for your buck for API actually. So yeah it's like that's the kind of vibe coding projects I guess that that was the last one right? >> Yeah that's I mean that's everything we've been through quite a lot there but just wanted to kind of give everyone a practical behind thescenes look at the stuff we're actually building hopefully to give you guys some similar ideas really. >> And it's the stuff that's like not flashy. It's kind of internal mostly, but that's what I mean it's allowed us to run this whole thing almost just us because like literally like the product is getting a lot of assistance. The support is getting a lot of assistance and then in the end like we still have to kind of manage a lot and we're in a process of like automating anduling a lot more things now. But in general like that's the kind of like vibe coding projects that you should undertake in your company that will make a difference. It doesn't have beautiful front end. It doesn't have any of that but it actually will save you a ton of time and you just need to learn a few things like learning superbase learning cloudflare workers for example and then playing a little bit with API >> just to be clear you don't need to learn that you need to learn they exist what it does to yeah what it does so that you can kind of talk to AI and it will do it for you >> yeah so like most of these things like I could see when you presented the superb stuff you basically didn't even know >> yeah [laughter] like I don't really know what it is >> it's probably worse like you know all these tools both code and codeex they have security review plugins it's probably worth running your code through that if you're vi coding these things it will help there are special tools as well there's tools like code rabbit etc that help catching issues but the truth is the best models like don't use a cheap model but the best models they have a lot less security flows now than they used to have like these kind of like nightmares of vip coding etc it's not as bad as it used to be doesn't mean it can't exist doesn't mean you shouldn't check but it's less much much less likely than it used to be even a year ago >> and you can We're still quite cautious around things like look, it's not sending messages and support. It's drafting them. It's not it has no access to payments or, you know, anything like that. >> Uh so, you know, there's there's some hardcoded like walls that it just can't do and can't get access to, but we're generally quite cautious about this stuff. We're not vibe coding our shopping cart software. We're using like, you know, established companies to do that. So, >> yeah. I mean, I think sometimes what pisses me off is on social media, even on YouTube, a lot of the examples that people share are like, "Here's how I create content or do some like flashy visual thing using AI." But the truth is 90% of businesses out there, they're not content businesses. They're not social media influencers. they have a product or a service and they kind of like deliver that and it's it's kind of a bit boring sometimes and it's that boring stuff that you need to work on automating because that is the core of your business. you automate this stuff and then you make content still involving yourself because I think that's the hardest thing like sure you can do as love you can make like a baby podcast and then you get lots of views on Tik Tok you won't make much sales if you want to make sales and if you want to sell stuff it actually is worth doing the human stuff that people connect with still like with AI assistance but like not necessarily fully automated I don't make like a clone of myself on a gen and post videos about that for example and then just basically take everything else away with AI and that part is almost invisible to people and so you're not dropping your quality, you're not discounting your brand or anything like that and things like the database. Yeah, if anything it makes the experience better for people. So that's what you should focus on. I know we get a lot of people like how do I make content with AI? I reluctantly do a little bit of it, but I'm not a big fan because I actually think that's not what they should focus on. Uh what they should focus on is automating what they sell and all the service layer around what they sell. And then the content part is now you have time to do it and then you actually have a chance because most people who like fully automate their content with AI like point to me apart from a few YouTube channels or Tik Tokers or whatever there's not a lot that >> but even then they have the high high views but like are they really you know like making a lot of money and selling a lot of product off the back of that. >> Everyone dreams of doing that. I mean, sure, with SEO show, I'm sure you can point at some of it, but like for anything else, like, I'm sorry, but like, show me a real business channel that makes a lot of money with the fully AI generated content. However, show me businesses that v code these kind of projects. We show many of them, actually. So, yeah, that's the final words of wisdom, I guess. >> Okay, brilliant. Well, thanks for tuning in to this episode of the podcast. We're only really able to go in depth with this stuff in a long format piece of content like a podcast like this. So, thanks. It's an hour long. Appreciate you staying to the end. Make sure you're subscribed because we're going to be doing a lot more episodes like this. If you enjoyed it, head on over to our YouTube channel. Um, just search for Authority Hacker, find the episode there, and leave us a comment. Tell us, do you like this type of format? Do you want us to show us more quote unquote boring automations uh from our business and things that you could do as well in your business like this? We'd love to hear your feedback on that. So, thanks for listening and we'll see you again next week for another
