Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Armand Farrokh",
  "channel_name": "30 Minutes to President's Club",
  "video_id": "iPWRkfhp09U",
  "title": "How You Win The Game Of Productivity (Sales Leaders Must Watch)",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPWRkfhp09U",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 787,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
We are going to go through the ultimate
sales leader productivity system.
Everything from this legendary CRO's
morning routine, how he schedules his
day, how he manages his inbox
>> brush my teeth.
>> How he brushes his teeth with form
examples and three AI hacks that have
changed the way that he leads his sales
team. Welcome to this masterclass.
>> [music]
>> Alright Mark, so I know that this might
not sound like it has to do with being a
sales leader, but you get a million
things thrown your way as a CRO. So how
do you start your day with your morning
routine on your terms?
>> My alarm goes off at 6:55 in the
morning. So I'm not like a super early
bird or anything. I have had times in my
career where I've done that, but right
now
I'm not a morning person.
>> [laughter]
>> I know they say you shouldn't grab your
phone right away, but I do. And I
quickly go through emails and slacks
that I missed because don't forget my
company DocuSign is a global company.
Almost half the company works over in
Europe. So by the time I wake up at
6:55, people have been working for a few
hours. So there's stuff to do. I put on
my shorts and my shirt and I have a
little gym in my house and I'll go work
out for like 20 25 minutes. And at this
point it's like 7:30. Yeah, about 7:30
when I get done. I'll listen to Bill
Simmons in the Ringer Podcast Network
and a little 30 minutes of President's
Club speak in there. Of course, listen
to yourself. Okay.
>> Yeah, right.
Not myself. That's self up. That's
important. That's embarrassing. And then
I get a shower, then I sit down at at
the table and I usually have my
breakfast and like some tea or something
like that ready to go. But when I sit
down, there's two ways I start. I start
right into work and that can either be
with a meeting or like checking email
and slack. That usually throws me right
off. It gets me into that frenzy-ness.
And when I'm frenzy, when I feel like
frantic, when I feel like oh my god, I
got to do this, got to do this email.
Oh, I got to get this done right before
this meeting starts and all that, I'm
doing bad work, my energy's off. I
guarantee you if somebody kind of gives
me feedback, I'm going to feel defensive
because I'm in that like weird state.
Versus what I prefer to do and I try to
do every day, is I have a YouTube
channel that has a 10-minute focus
meditation, and it's just teaching you
how to focus. And so, I just for 10
minutes sit there and practice focus.
You'd be surprised. You It is so
difficult to stay focused just like on
your breathing for 10 minutes. If you
can stay focused on your breathing for
10 minutes, how you going to stay
focused for 10 minutes on writing an
email or reviewing a document or in a
conversation? I guarantee you're not,
even if you think you are, and you're
drifting off, and all of a sudden,
without focus, you're getting into weird
la-la land, and you're not paying
attention, and missing stuff. So,
practice my focus every single morning,
and then I spend a little time with
myself,
where I talk about like what am I
feeling nervous about, what am I feeling
anxious about, what is making me feel
unsafe.
And I usually will write those things
down on a sticky, and then the rest of
the day my job is to eliminate those
things from my life. So, by the time at
the end of the day, I feel relaxed and
ready to be with my family. There's one
thing that I want to call out here. It's
actually something that I've worked on
in therapy as well, which is
I find that
whether or not I have a good day
is often times determined
not how much work I'm doing, but do I
feel like I'm taking agency over the
work I'm doing. In other words, do I
feel like work is driving me,
or do I feel like I'm driving my work?
Yeah. And often times for me what
creates a lot of anxiety at work is I
rush to the computer at 8:30 or 9:00 or
whatever it is, and then I have in the
back of my head a couple of big things
that I think I want to accomplish, but
they're not super clear. And then I open
my email and my Slack, and it's like a
tidal wave of stuff in. And so, whatever
you do, I think one of the things that
really stood out to me is you take two
seconds to write down things that are
making you nervous or whatever. For me,
I write down before I open email or
Slack, I just write down what are the
two or three things that I want to get
done today, independent of the fires
that come up. And that allows me to step
into my day and decide what work I would
want to do instead of letting the work
come to me and letting my inbox or my
email tell me how my day is going to go.
I'd love to go into to-do lists with
you. To-do lists.
>> I think it is a weird topic not a lot of
people talk about. Everybody's trying to
figure it out. Like tell me a little bit
about how you do your to-do lists.
>> So the first thing is I like to think
about
what are all of the big buckets of work.
In other words, where does work come
from? Mhm. So work for me comes from two
or three different places.
The first place that work comes from is
I decide on what my priorities are for
the quarter. So for example, I
I operate across the business at 30
minutes to President's Club. The three
big priorities we're focused on is
number one growing our YouTube channel,
number two building out our sales team,
number three is uh figuring out our
demand generation motion for our B2B
courses. Right? Those are like the three
big things.
>> I try to take
two hours in the morning every morning,
usually from 9:00 to 11:00, and this is
from a book called um The Great CEO
Within, Mhm. and I just title that time
block top goal,
which is I pick one of my priorities and
I work on it for two hours.
>> Mhm. And so that's like the first
biggest part of my to-do list.
The second thing that I do is
email and Slack are usually inputs
>> Yes. of things coming at me that I need
to triage and decide how I want to
organize those inside of my day. So
that's number two is I have all of the
things that I honestly like probably
can't predict, which are email and
Slack, and I try to take that
unstructured input and put it into a
structured to-do to-do list where I
decide when I want to do it.
>> Yeah. And then the third piece is
there's all of just like the rhythmic
content and rhythmic things that we do.
So for example, every month I plan our
content, and so I have certain rhythms
where it's like first week of the month
is always the the of the month where I
plan the next month's content. Yeah.
Right? So, it's a combination of one, my
priorities, two, the things that come in
at me, and then three, my rhythms. If
you are one of the many insecure
overachievers that watches this podcast
or this video, chances are you plan your
to-do list going into your day or the
day before. And one thing that has
helped me to that point as well is I'll
write down that to-do list, but it gets
really anxiety-inducing when it's just
this endless list where it's like,
again, if I finish all this work, now
I've done a good job. I will draw a line
in the middle. Mhm. And I will write
what a normal human would accomplish in
a day. [laughter]
And if I get to that, anything after
that is gravy and upside.
>> Yeah. Because the work is endless. And
so, you need to decide at what point do
I consider myself to have done a good
job, and that is what will keep your
sanity. So, for me, I'm kind of like
you. I have What is my overall work I
want to do?
>> a a database in Notion where I capture
all of my kind of inspirational projects
and things that I want to do. Then what
the day throws at me, which for me
happens Slack, WhatsApp, iMessage, and
email. And I have a system for each one
of those where I capture stuff. Like, so
for example, with email, uh I use the
little snooze feature. If I send out an
email that is get needs an answer from
you, I will send the email, then on the
bottom it'll if it's a new email, it'll
be like, view this message or undo. Mhm.
I click the view the message if I need
to. Otherwise, if the email's on the
screen, it's fine. And then Gmail just
has a shortcut key, B.
>> If you hit B, a little menu pops up and
it's like, when do you want to snooze
this message to? I snooze it for 3 days.
If I haven't heard back, that message
pops back up and I'll ping them again.
Biggest email hack I've ever figured out
is that's how I stay on top of people.
Slack, I have a couple ways that I stay
on top of people. If I send Armand a
message and I'm expecting an answer, I
write the message, "Hey Armand, when do
you need me to be in New York next?"
Then the next thing I do is I hit dot
dot dot, and I don't send it. I leave it
as a draft. And then if you look in
Slack on the sidebar, you'll see Armand
with a little pencil next to your name.
That means there's an open draft. That
means I'm waiting on an answer from you.
And then I just go back in it every
morning and I'm like, "Oops. Armand,
hey, I didn't hear back from you yet.
What When do you need me to be in New
York again?" Now, I have another input,
which I'm sure you have too, which is
meetings. My AI guy at DocuSign
has built this amazing thing. So, first
of all, we use Grainola.
Grainola's really good on works like
locally on your machine, record your
meetings, and then puts out
notes. Well, every single Grainola
meeting that I have, it goes over into a
Google document. And that Google
document, through Zapier, is AI-ified.
And it takes the transcripts, the
Grainola notes, and a couple of any
notes I've typed in, and it puts it all
together. And in Slack, I get like,
"Here's the synopsis of what happened in
the meeting, and here's your to-do's or
your action items that are also logged
in the Google Doc." And now I can
because all of that's in Google, I can
now use Gemini to create a bunch of
agents, or I think they call them gems,
that allow me to then say, "All right,
every day what I want you to do is I
want you to go look at all the to-do's
that are in these docs that were formed
yesterday. I want you to find all the
duplicates and merge them together. And
any unique task, I want you to post to
this Slack channel so that I can look to
see all the to-do's that I had from
yesterday's meetings. And then I knock
those out."
>> Let's talk about the daily schedule for
a sales leader. Because often times, as
a rep, like I was always prospecting in
the morning, and then customer meetings
in the afternoon, admin later in the
day. And often times, as a sales leader,
you will lose control of your calendar.
But I feel like most sales leaders have
some rhyme or reason to how they plan
their day. So, how do you plan your day
as a CRO? I suck.
Like, literally, meetings [snorts]
dictate most of my day. I have an
executive assistant who reserves
Wednesday afternoon for me, but I
usually end up booking stuff anyway. So,
I would say this is like an area of
improvement for me. But, if you have
your supporting systems in place,
and you know how to get stuff done, and
you manage email well, I think you can
still be productive because time
blocking is really mostly about boundary
setting, and then making sure that
people stick around with those
boundaries. You know what I mean? Like,
if I say, "Listen, I'm never going to
meet with anybody after noon on
Wednesday," but you're constantly
letting people book after noon on
Wednesday, then it doesn't mean
anything. So, at a certain point, when
you have, you know, a thousand-person
company that's moving fast and making
big waves, like there's a lot of
meetings that you just have to deal
with, and you have to figure out when to
do your work. Like Look, everyone talks
about work-life balance, and like what I
can share with you is Mark and I both
have a lot of life going on. [laughter]
It's like we're not working 100-hour
investment banking working weeks.
>> No.
So, a lot of times when people hear the
thought of working on weekends, they
cringe. And I find that often times,
like a Sunday working session for me,
actually makes my during the work week
way less anxiety-inducing. Because
again, what usually causes me anxiety at
work
is the feeling of work is dragging me,
and I'm behind, and the moment Monday
starts, it's like this mountain of work,
and it's like, "Oh my god." Versus if I
can take Sunday to just like get to
zero, and just be like, "Clean slate,
and like I'm going to step into this, or
I'm going to have complete solo time on
a plane," often times, to just like
think about a big problem, it is one of
the most cathartic things where it's
like Eazy-E has the song where he has
this line where he says, "I take two
steps back and release myself." You need
the two steps back. You need the two
steps back as a sales leader. And often
times, it's just like Monday through
Friday chaos, and then you close your
laptop, and you're just like,
"Uh." And then you open it up again on
Monday, and you're like, "Oh god, it's
like all over again." It's like you got
to find a way to like create a little
bit of space for yourself somehow. So,
we talked about the schedule.
Let's talk about some of your rituals as
a sales leader. What I mean by that is
we already talked about morning routine,
not that kind of ritual. Can you talk to
me about how your schedule varies
throughout different parts of the month
or quarter?
Yeah, so I would say we have like kind
of three main parts of a quarter. We
have OKR setting where we're trying to
set the focus for the quarter. We have
the meat of the quarter where we're just
kind of working on the projects that the
OKRs have dictated and on the deals. And
then we have that kind of end of quarter
push {slash} getting ready for the board
meeting to report on those results from
that quarter. So, for me like I know
that I need to have that rhythm and what
we're working towards at Dechabo is
like, all right, if I know that OKRs are
at the beginning, how do I make sure
that people are ready for it, expecting
it, and are ready to do it, and are in
the right mindset versus being like,
"Hey guys, don't forget it's the end of
January. Your OKRs are due on the 31st.
Like, I know you probably haven't
thought about them for
the whole month, but you got 3 days.
Like, let's get busy, buddy." I can't
stand that kind of stuff. I feel like
when that stuff happens, I feel out of
control. I feel like I'm just lucky that
I remember to do that. And luck and and
hope are not a strategy. And so I what I
want is like that kind of I know the
rhythm of the business. I know how I fit
in it and like I'm getting ready for the
next thing as I'm finishing up the thing
I'm on. But like, those are the three
segments for us is get those OKRs done.
Once those OKRs done, that dictates the
projects. And that's where you really
get a bunch of stuff done is in the meat
of the quarter. But at the end of the
quarter, we know we're going to have our
craziness because for some reason buyers
think that they can't buy anything
except for the last 2 weeks of the
quarter. I still haven't figured that
one out. And then I have to get ready
for the board meeting and all the
financial reporting and everything,
which takes uh, you know, 3 or 4 weeks
after the end of the quarter. So, that's
kind of my rhythm of how uh, my business
works. So, I know you're super
regimented as well in terms of your
sales team rhythms. And one of the
things that can create a lot of anxiety
for your sales team is when managers or
leaders are asking for like random deal
updates and freaking out and breathing
down the necks of their reps. And so,
one of the biggest parts of a sales
leader is to make sure that all the
deals are landing smoothly, kind of like
a machine. And so, what is your rhythm
or process for inspecting deals? How
does that fit into your weekly calendar?
I expect every manager to meet with
every single rep every single week to
talk about every single deal. I'm like,
"Oh my god, Mark, that's talking a lot."
Well, that's because we don't rehash
deal strategy every week. I don't care
what day of the week it happens. They
come in, it's a 30-to-45-minute meeting
depending on the rep and the number of
deals they have. And then, the basics of
that is you go through and step one,
make sure your data is correct. Once you
know your data is correct, then you
assess the risk now that you're looking
at correct data. Once your risk is
assessed, then you develop next steps to
make sure you help move the deal forward
and you mitigate that risk. Do that for
every single deal every week and guess
what? First of all, the reps start
walking away understanding your process
because you tie all your next steps into
the process. Your data is always right,
so you're making better decisions. And
lastly, that rep leaves that meeting
with a to-do list that's everything they
need to do that week that is aligned
with their manager to move deals forward
and mitigate risk. Like, it's a
beautiful beautiful rhythm that reps get
into. You do that six, seven, eight
weeks in a row, all of a sudden, your
reps start coming to you. You don't have
to ask the questions. They know what
your questions you're going to ask. All
the answers are ready to go. All the
data is filled out. The data is
accurate. And you start to mature as a
sales organization because through
repetition and process, people learn how
to do things and they you burn a neural
pathway in their brain that creates a
habit. And then, that habit is when
you're really rocking when hey, every
Tuesday at 10:00 a.m., I know I have to
have all this stuff ready, and it's just
a habit for me now. Weekly meeting
number one is the deal review, and
you're burning that into into their
brains. What are the other weekly
meetings that you have as part of your
rhythms? Team meeting every single week.
Biggest concept of a team meeting is
you're the energy source. You're the
energy engine for your team. Your job in
the team meeting is to transfer energy
to your team so that they feel charged
and ready to go into the week. There's
also some other aspects that we go into
our sales management OS course, like for
example, you need your North Star
metrics. What are the metrics? The three
things every single week you put in
front of your reps because without the
execution on those three things, you're
not going to be successful. Then you
have your momentum metrics. Those are
the things that are short-term, like,
"Hey, our conference is coming up in 2
months. Every week we want to show reps
how many reps have had somebody get
invited and have or have bought a ticket
or whatever." You don't do that all year
long, but you might do that for 6 weeks,
8 weeks, or something. And so those
momentum metrics are very specific focus
things that you do. And then you do a
little team training and bring in SMEs
that can talk about other things
happening at the company that aren't
you, right? And so the team meetings
happen every single week in my org.
>> Are there other rhythms in addition to
those three, whether it's like a
leadership staff meeting or rep
one-on-ones or anything else, recurring
meetings for you as a sales leader?
Yeah, so I separate out the deal review,
which is a meeting for the manager as
much as the rep to make sure that the
data is right, that they're coaching on
the frameworks and processes, and that
that rep has a list of to-do's to go do
with. I separate that out from the
one-on-one. To me, the one-on-one it
happens every other week, and that's
where I
you know, we just sit down and we just
talk about what's going on. I've heard
you talking about a little bit about
promotion, like, do you want to create
like a career pathing plan? And it
really is just a relationship building
exercise that earns you the right to
speak into somebody's job and
performance when you're doing the
coaching that you're doing. Awesome. So,
one-on-one separate from the deal
reviews. You're not doing a surprise
forecast in the one-on-one. You're
getting to know the human being. And the
last question is one for our second-line
leaders, or even the sales managers who
like want to level up to that point.
What does it look like to meet with your
leadership staff? Do you have a
leadership staff meeting? And if so, how
do you run that? I didn't do one for the
last 6 months at DocuSign.
>> Mhm. And I think that was a mistake. I
feel like um we got a little bit
misaligned, and sometimes different
groups didn't know what different things
are doing. So, actually this week I
emailed my EA, and I was like, "Listen,
I need to do like a 45-minute like
direct reports meeting once a month
where we
work on this certain agenda." So, I
think those are highly valuable, but if
you as a executive treat it how a
manager treats a meeting with their
individual contributor, it will be
horrible. Like how you think about that
meeting working with like your tippity
top leaders to make sure that they're
doing the stuff that they want to do,
that they're aligned, that everybody's
kind of in the know. Like, "Oh,
onboarding is working on this big
project, which means we need to get
ready as AEs to pitch onboarding a
little bit differently." I think that
that does require a meeting, and I felt
the absence of that in the last 6 months
at DocuSign, which is one reason why I'm
making that change. So, the last thing
we're going to go through is what are
your top two use cases for how you use
AI personally to be a more effective
sales leader. So, the first one is like
tell me about the
the way that you did all of your 16
performance reviews in 2 hours.
>> Yeah. This is the 90 seconds of how to
do a performance review with AI. First
of all, have a master prompt that you
use for any kind of AI endeavor that you
do that is built to give you the best
answer that you can get if you fill in
the parts of the template correctly.
That's step one. Yeah. That's in the
show notes. Yes. Step two is to make
sure that you get put in that prompt the
kind of structure that you want your
answer to be in. And for me, for a
performance review specifically, what I
want to do is I want to make sure that
they know the person and the role, and
that the AI agent has a little bit of a
context of what that person does. I want
them to know the period in which I'm um
reviewing them for. I want them to see a
couple spreadsheets of data or decks of
data that it can look at and get
information about the context of how
this person works. And I want to input
their own self-reflection answers. And
then what I do is I like for each
question, look at the data and create an
independent CRO opinion about how we
should answer that question. Then look
at their self-reflection answer and give
our response to that self-reflection.
Then have a section for each question
that's this is how you can get better.
And then lastly is a word of
encouragement or congratulations or an
extra little let's go. Like I know you
can do better here at that very end
based on the other three paragraphs.
Yeah. And what kind of data are you
throwing into it? Uh so, I'm lucky we
have Glean. So, it's it literally can
look at my CRM data. It can look at any
spreadsheet that's in Google Drive. It
can look at, you know, Slack messages.
It can look at contents of Zoom call
transcripts. So, all that kind of stuff.
If I didn't have that, what I would do
is I would probably get like a master
spreadsheet of sales performance that
has my major six or seven or eight KPIs
on it by person. And it would have last
quarter, this quarter, that type of
thing. And I'll just plug that in there
and I'll be like, this is for Armand.
Please reference the spreadsheet
attached to look at his performance
levels compared to his peers and all
that kind of stuff. And that would be
included then as the first paragraph of
independent of what they write or
anything. It's just I know this is an AE
named Armand. I know what his KPIs are,
and now I'm going to look and see how
he's performing in those KPIs.
>> Great. And then the other thing that you
mentioned earlier in the prep was that
you're often times using Whisper to just
talk Yes.
>> and explain the context up front. So, in
that first part, you're giving the GPT
here's what this person does, here's
kind of what I think they need to work
on, yada yada yada. You're just doing
like a 5-minute voice over of like
brain-to-mouth Yes.
>> thoughts, and then GPT is actually like
structuring all that for you. Yeah, and
and some people are like, "Well, Mark,
GPT, all these companies have like
built-in transcription already into the
thing." But, the problem is is I don't
know about y'all, but when I'm talking
to an AI and giving it instructions,
sometimes it I I start down I'm like,
"No, no, no, that's not what I want. I
have to back up a couple steps, then
keep going." And then I'll be like,
"Wait, no. Like, let me rethink that."
Well, if you do that with the
transcription engine in your built-in
LLM, guarantee you when you read that,
you'll be like, "This sounds like a
crazy person." Yeah. But, with Super
Whisperer, it cleans up that all up into
a coherent piece of text that 99% of the
time is probably exactly what I wanted
to communicate, and it just pops it
right into the LLM like that.
>> So, the second one is actually one that
your SDR leader did to create an LLM
that makes him manage much more
effectively. Yeah, I'm I'm lucky, I
think, to have one of the best BDRs, we
call them BDRs at DocuSign, leaders on
the planet. His name is Jonathan Mayer.
And Jonathan is a forward thinker, and
he also thinks of BD in like a CFO
would. Everything is about, "How do we
make this a profit center of the
company, not an expense center, right?
Cost center."
So, one of the things that he did is he
believes, as I fundamentally do, that
the number one thing that keeps BD teams
from getting results is they actually
don't follow the sequences that are
prescribed. The rep comes in and they
know on day one I'm supposed to do these
three things, and on day three I do
this, and on day seven I do this. And
they don't really follow that schedule.
And what that does is it breaks the the
theory of a sequence, which is an
intense burst of activity in a short
time span raises awareness and causes
that person to start to think in a
different way, and even if it's just
subconsciously, they're much more likely
to pay attention to you. That's exactly
the concept that ads are built on. So,
we know that it works, right? So, uh
what he did is he came in and he looked,
he's like, "Hey, I think we could get a
little bit more rigorous in how we do
tasks." So, he now has a task execution
block in the morning and in the
afternoon. That's nothing new. But, at
the end of each block, the manager for
those reps of that block must say, "Did
the rep get done with all the tasks they
were supposed to in this block or not?
Do they have overdue stuff?" And then,
what they do is they say why or why not
they got it done.
So, they fill that out in like a
structured form at the end of every
single activity block for every single
rep. So, some of my BDR managers have
eight people at 11:00 a.m. at the end of
that first block, they say, "Bobby, yes.
Katie, no. Sally, yes. Janie, no." And
then, they say this is why that
happened. So, imagine across my 50-some
BDRs, I get 50 data points in the
morning. I get 50 data points in the
afternoon. And now, they're all
structured in a form, so I can turn that
into a JSON file, which is a file format
that LLMs love. I can put that into an
LLM with a simple prompt that says,
"Look at each person, figure out what
their themes are of why they aren't
getting stuff done, and then give the
manager a personalized coaching plan
just for that person, so that we can
understand how to coach them to get
their tasks done because we think that's
the number one thing that keeps you from
hitting your numbers." And so, every
week, we just started it, so
we're testing how it's going, but
literally, we had a massive impact on
productivity in the first week that we
tried this. And basically, at the end of
that first week, every manager ended up
then with a plan of how to manage their
BDR in the next week to make sure they
get their tasks done. We will blow
through our targets if we continue to do
this. All righty, folks. So, now you
have Mark's entire sales leadership
productivity system. And this is a
fraction of his broader sales management
operating system, which literally
includes everything you need to get your
reps prospecting, get them closing
deals, run the overviews, land your
forecast within 3% accuracy, and hire
the best reps in the game. It is one of
the best pieces of content we have ever
put out. So, link to his course is down
below.
>> But, if you like this kind of stuff,
hey, like that thing, hit the subscribe
button, hit the little bell so you know
when we do new content. And if there's
other like interesting things that you
want to know about, hit them in the
comments and we'll do a future episode
on those.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
