Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Armand Farrokh",
  "channel_name": "30 Minutes to President's Club",
  "video_id": "gE3ujM-4xro",
  "title": "9 Psychological Sales Tactics to Instantly Raise Your Status",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gE3ujM-4xro",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1014,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Today, 30 MPC is sitting down with
Jeremy Lee Minor, who is a master of
sales psychology. As salespeople, one of
the most frustrating things is when
prospects don't respect or trust us. And
that's because we're battling the stigma
of being a salesperson. And Jeremy's
going to be breaking down nine
psychological sales tactics that
instantly raise your status with
prospects. Let's take this
>> all the way to the beginning of the
sales cycle.
>> Yeah.
>> From the moment my prospect picks up a
cold call,
>> Mhm.
>> what are some things that sellers do on
the phones that immediately lower their
status?
>> Your mama even said, "It's not what you
say, son. It's
how you say it. That's your tone." So, a
lot of it's going to be your tone in
interrupting the pattern. We call that
pattern interrupts. So, prospects are
used to cold callers from telemarketers.
It's either this approach, "Hi, my name
is
I'm with XYZ company. The reason why I
called you was and try to spit out as
much information you can about features
and benefits and hopefully they pray
that they'll stay on. And we all know
that doesn't work that well, right?
Okay. Or the next one I've seen, which
is a little bit better, actually works a
little bit better, is like, "Hey John,
just so you know, this is a cold call or
this is a sales call and I want to have
2 minutes of your time and I'm going to,
you know, show you XYZ and you can
decide if it's good for you or not. Fair
enough?"
A little bit better, but all you're
going to do now is now you're in proof
mode. So, I got to prove it to you and
you're going to talk and what are they
mainly going to do then? Oh, no, we
already have somebody for that. No, I
don't think we're good. Push back. So,
it's like but you're making it like when
you say this is a sales call cold like
you're making it like that's a bad
thing. So, instantly their guard goes,
"Oh, this is a bad thing." So, I don't
want to do that, okay? So, I went from
door-to-door to B2B. So, I went from
selling to consumers, homeowners, okay,
like a $100 monthly thing, to then
selling, you know, $2 million deals. A
bit of a a ballgame change, okay? But
the same principles applied. I'm
interrupting the pattern when I knock on
the door or if I call on the phone. And
I remember one day like a couple weeks
in, I was doing, you know, pretty good,
actually. I had some papers when I was
cold calling, I was just kind of
thumbing through them, but I kept doing
that and I just noticed they stayed on
even longer. And I'm like, "Interesting.
Okay, so they're hearing the papers." I
know it sounds stupid, but I'm just
interrupting the pattern. So, I'm not
going to say, "Is this John? Is this
Mary?" cuz that implies what?
>> You're a stranger.
>> So, the guard's already up.
I'm just going to act like I already
know them. I'm like, "Nick, it's uh
Jeremy, Jeremy Minor uh with XYZ
company. I'm holding a copy of the uh
2020-2025
uh top realtors in Seminole County
report. I was wondering if you could uh
possibly help me out for a moment?"
>> You're acting like you're supposed to be
there. Like if as you're already
familiar as an equal stature.
>> So, what his brain does is like, "Who's
Jeremy Minor? How do I know him? Did I
meet him somewhere?" Like he's never
going to say, "Who is this?"
Cuz you you guys have probably got a
call like, "Hey, it's it's John, John
Smith. How are you?" And you have no
idea who they are, but you're like, "I'm
good. How are you?"
You automatically do it. You Your brain
can't go anywhere else. And then your
brain goes, "Who's John Smith? Who's
John Smith? How do I know John Smith?"
while they're talking. And you just sit
there and just It just interrupts the
pattern and gives you more time. That's
all I'm doing. I'm interrupting the
pattern. Okay? So, familiar tone. Tone
matters. You know another example, let's
say if I'm selling some type of um,
you know, like uh AI software or AI
dictation device for hospitals, you
know. Yeah, I'm holding a a copy of your
uh recent uh the 2025 recent reviews
from your your doctors uh XYZ report. I
was wondering if you could help me out
for a moment?
Sure, how can I help you? What's going
on? Well, I'm not even sure if it makes
sense for us to talk. That's where I
start. I'm pushing them away.
I I we call it selling the exit.
I'm selling Well, I'm not even sure if
it makes sense for us to talk. Um I saw
that you were ranked number 59th on that
uh county report last year, so well
done. I actually work with a lot of
agents that actually sell your type of
home property value. And after looking
at uh kind of your like, you know, the
results you had with the 37 sales last
year, I could my boss had me call to see
if you would be opposed to looking at,
you know, whatever. Looking at a new
opportunity blah blah blah. And then at
the end of like, would you be against
talking about that?
So, I'm going to there's things I'm
going to plug in there, okay?
>> You're not even sure if it makes sense
to talk. It shows that you're
unattached. You're not clingy, you're
not needy. You're not like, I I need to
meet you with you. It's like, I I don't
know if this is even worth it.
>> The other thing that I like you're
doing, Jeremy, is you're giving them
some piece of context for like the
direction the call is in. You're like,
top realtors, page two of your VSL,
doctor reviews versus this is a cold
call, can I tell you why I called? And
they don't know are you calling from a
collections agency? Are you selling
software? Are you selling life
insurance? So, it starts to get them in
the the head space of the thing that you
might solve for is what I think you're
doing, too.
>> Results, results-based thinking.
>> So, I want to ask you about how this
actually materializes the moment that
you hop on the Zoom meeting with the
prospect. Because what I'm hearing from
you is step one is you need to be
telling yourself the right story. I'm
not trying to close Armand, I'm trying
to help Armand solve his problem. We're
doing it together. And so, I can master
my own internal
perspective. Problem is I know a lot of
prospects get on with sales people and
they see us as lower class, not helpful,
swindlers, just give me the information
and get out of my way. And I've seen a
lot of sales calls where the prospect is
they don't even want to be helped
because they they don't want to touch
you.
>> Yeah, and isn't that interesting because
if you if you're talking about you know,
if you're getting on them with Zoom,
they have that mindset, yet they're
still on there.
>> Sure.
>> That's that's interesting, isn't it?
>> Well, my question is, so
you're right, they've showed up. You get
on the call. Armand, your prospect
joins.
He's 3 minutes late.
You can tell he's kind of multitasking.
You see he might be he's on Slack on the
side and he's like, "So, so what do you
got for me, Jeremy?" And he's already a
little How do you
>> I wouldn't even let him get to that
point.
>> Okay.
>> That's the problem. Most of the people
are like, "Hey, how's it going?" Uh
yeah, I'm doing good. What do you got?
Like they just set it up. Like you're
just up here, okay? Like you're like
going into the fake rapport and
prospects have heard it a billion times.
So, when I get on there, it's like, you
know, they're like, "Oh, I'm sorry I'm
late." Well, should I guess I can
forgive you at this point. What am I
going to do with you, man? My tone,
right, is how they interpret my
intention, okay? So, what happens? I'm
not doing that to be the class clown.
I'm doing that very strategically
because what happens when a human being
laughs, that releases what's called
dopamine from your adrenaline gran
glands that goes to your brain and your
brain calms your nervous system.
So, instantly the prospect is starting
to disarm themselves. So, when I say
disarm the prospect, you guys hear me
talk about scientific I'm saying, how do
I calm their nervous system? So, when I
get in there, I might do something like
that and then like, "Okay, so let's say
if it's a a booked appointment, it's
going to be different obviously if it's
on the phone outbound or cold call.
There's tweaks, but like, okay, so let's
say if you What do you guys sell? What
do you like digital marketing agency?
What do you guys sell?"
>> So, we uh
in large part sell like enablement
programs to sales teams. So, a team
might work with us to help them learn
how to cold call, for
>> so same thing. So, okay, so looks like
you booked in on the calendar about Hey,
crazy idea, maybe learning more skills
to help you sell more to grow your
business, right?
>> Yep, exactly.
>> All right. Okay, so see I'm right into
the result of why you're on there. I'm
not saying, "How's the How like where do
you Where are you guys at at? Where do
you guys live? Like how's it going? Like
I Did you see the game last night?"
That's all fake rapport. Just it's
 Most people just like they
just even if they go with it, the guard
starts to come up.
>> You're talking about the the de-frame
and re-frame, you're actually playing
into the frame and belief systems that
they have about every other sales person
that has acted that way.
>> That's a behavioral pattern.
>> Yes.
>> And the brain, the survival part of
brain recognizes patterns. So they've
heard this before. So where does their
brain go? Oh, sales person.
>> Yep.
>> I know where this question is leading.
I'm going to go surface level. Okay. So
what I'm doing there is taking them
because what's the first question that
any prospect or like you that you
probably are asking yourself anytime you
first start talking to a sales person,
how much is this
>> costing?
>> going to cost. That's called cost or
price based thinking. So every prospect
you talk to, that's the first question
on the like they're thinking that, okay?
So is that something I want them to stay
in that way thinking the entire
conversation? Probably not. So I want to
take them out of that way thinking into
a new belief system of results based
thinking. Okay. So that's called Well,
right here, this called results based
thinking, okay? So how do I get them in
there? Did you see what I did? Oh, so
you're like a sales engineer. Okay, so
looks like you booked on the calendar
about
you know, you're getting some advanced
skills for your team to help you grow
the business even more, right?
Right. See, they're not buying for you
guys. They're not buying sales training.
They're buying the results of what the
sales training does, which is to help
grow the business even more, okay? So if
I'm talking to a small business in your
your thing, I've talked about so you can
help to help you really scale the
business, right? If you're talking to a
bigger business, I don't want to say
scale cuz that offends them.
Especially in enterprise, right? So to
help you really grow the business even
more, right?
Right. So see how I'm already getting
into the end result?
So I'm already putting the reframe them
with the very first question. Now how
did how do your leads come in? Just so I
understand.
>> Typically we would be outbounding
people. So we would be reaching out to
people over email or cold calling.
>> Okay. So I know what I know we you were
talking to one of my associates. What
was it that you guys kind of went over
that caused you to feel like, hey, maybe
maybe I should look into this a bit
further.
>> Yeah, you know, our reps have have been
struggling on the phones a little bit
and I've heard of you guys at 30 minutes
to President's Club and I heard your
stuff is pretty tactical. So I figured
you guys might be able to help.
>> Yeah, it's it's a big reason why people
in your space come to us for sure.
You said struggling. Um, what do you
mean by struggling?
>> A lot of our reps when they start to
come up on an objection,
they just start to like stammer and
speed up and start rambling and the next
thing you know, they've lost the
prospect's respect. They've got a decent
opener and a decent pitch, but when it
actually comes to the first objection,
they
they kind of freak out and they usually
get hung up on pretty quick.
>> That could be trouble for you guys. Um,
what were you hoping could happen by
possibly
working with us besides just overcoming
objections?
>> Yeah, I mean ideally with it the reps
step into the phones more confidently
and they actually like start to hit
their quota as opposed to
>> That'd be a good thing.
>> Yeah, that's usually a good thing in
sales.
>> Okay. Well, what do you what do you guys
sell? What's what industry are you guys
in?
>> Yeah, we sell uh life insurance.
>> Yeah, it's the biggest industry we
actually train.
Um, okay, so and how many reps do you
have?
>> Now I'm in the situation questions.
>> It felt like you were
trying to figure out how you could help
me.
>> Just like a conversation, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Not scripted or anything. Okay, so the
first three questions I asked you were
what I call the NEP Q connection
questions.
So, my first job in that first little
opening space is to take the focus off
me, put it on you. Every sales person
can do that. That's sales 101. Like stop
talking, idiot, right? Telling's not
selling. Number two and three is where
most sales people struggle. Two right
here
is I have to disarm the prospect to get
their guard down. I have to be more
neutral in the beginning cuz how much
trust and credibility do you have in the
first 30 seconds?
>> You have negative trust and credibility.
>> Negative trust, right? So, so many sales
people try to come in there assume the
sale in the first 30 seconds and the
prospect like, "Well, I we're just
looking. I'm I'm not saying we're going
to buy today." And the guard's already
up in the first 30 seconds and now you
got to compete with the damn wall to get
it down. I'm like, "Why do you want to
compete with the wall?" Now,
do I know I can help them? Yes. Do they
know that I can help them in 30 seconds?
Probably not. So, as I build the gap
from where they are to now where they
see they can be, and I get them to feel
that pain that they're in and and they
had in the past have a fear that it's
going to keep happening, then I can get
far more assumptive cuz I have that
trust there as an expert. I can do
anything I want. I can challenge them. I
can do anything I want, they're going to
do it. But if I try to do that too early
before the trust is there, good luck.
So, you could say to me like, "Hey, so
Like when you were talking with Breanna,
like
what was it that you guys
went over that caused you to feel like,
"Hey, maybe I should check into this."
>> Yeah.
>> they feel like you're thinking about
what you're asking. So, it feels like
they're just talking to their friend.
>> Yeah.
>> But if I'm like, "When you talked with
Breanna the other day, what was it that
you guys went over that caused you to
book the call?"
That one's kind of scripted.
So, the guard goes up. And besides just
the objection handling stuff, what were
you what were you hoping could happen by
us possibly training you?
See, what were you hoping could happen?
See, now I'm getting you to now start
qualifying to me.
Not me qualifying to you. I'm already
starting to do that by the third
question.
>> Could you unpack that a little bit more
because I was like, "Okay, we're
struggling with objection handling. Why
did you ask me that question? What were
you hoping to get out of that question?"
>> More than just objection handling.
Cuz we all know that, you know, every
company thinks it's just the objections.
Just the objections. I I'm finding out
like, what are they saying and asking
that's triggering the prospect to have
uncertainty that causes objections. Cuz
if I we just go in objections and that's
the only problem we can find, the gap's
maybe this big. But if I can also help
them find that, "Well, you're getting
the objections because of the way they
start the call. Automatically too
assumptive. You need to be a more
neutral.
You know, your emails campaigns that are
going out like really really salesy. You
know, that's causing you to have low
show-up rates. What else can I find out?
Like your tone out of your process your
sales people sounds like a monotone
scripted robot." So now, like I get
five, six, seven problems, the gap is so
big
and I help them relive the pain of what
that is doing to them.
By default, their brain starts to have a
fear of what? Future pain.
And so, by that point, there's no way
they can I mean, maybe one problem
they're like, maybe we can figure this
out ourselves. But if I help them by
five, six, seven problems, there's no
way they're going to figure it out by
themselves. So, I become way more
valuable.
And they pay way more
because I can solve their problem the
best.
>> So, you've then asked me a couple of
different questions where you've
identified a problem and then you've
tried to spread the problem, not just
into objections and then beyond
objections. So, what happens from there?
>> Okay, so so here's the thing. The reason
why you might be asking like, well, why
didn't you really like dive into that
problem? Cuz it's too early.
You gave me a little problem in the
beginning, but if I try to dive in and
clarify and probe and like really build
pain in like 1 minute 35 seconds, I'm
going to get more surface level pain.
Now, earlier you'd mentioned that you
said you're decent at cold calling.
How do you mean by decent?
See, now I'm going to start unpacking
these problems and not yet, though, as I
get a little bit further because now I
have like in about four or five minutes,
I have more trust and credibility, more
openness.
And now we're going to really dig into
the pain. But we're not going to do that
yet. The first thing I started asking
them is situation question. Okay, so
what industry are you in? That's a
situation question. So, now that I'm
starting to disarm them, now I need to
find out what their real situation is.
Most sales people, they just suck at
this and it's not their fault. I feel
bad. They just have never really been
trained on like why this stage of the
process is I would say one of the most
important ones by just the first process
like disarming them. If I can't find out
what their real situation is. Notice I
said real situation. How do I build a
gap from where they are to where they
want to be if I don't really know where
they are? I'm not guessing. And guessing
is not a a way to win at sales. I have
to have surety. Most sales people will
like a situation question like, you get
you know let's say 50 leads a week.
You're talking to you know 30 of those
let's say we find out through situation
there's a lot we're asking here. Out of
those 30 like you know how many are you
actually closing? And the the company
like oh I don't know it's anywhere from
you know probably like I don't know like
you know five to like 15. And they're
like okay cool and they go to the next
question.
What the hell is that? Like you didn't
find out five to 15?
That's so vague. So now here's how we
set it up better. So out of those 30 how
many are they actually closing? Just on
average like your best month or your
worst month. I know you're not like
companies out there in the field that
always exaggerate their sales numbers
but realistically
how many are they closing per month on
average?
I know you're not like those companies
out there that always exaggerate their
sales numbers. See what I'm doing there?
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> I'm helping prevent them saying what?
Exaggerating their numbers.
>> You're saying I'm saying
>> Here again this is the identity framing
thing you were talking about. You're not
>> like the person that
>> Yes. I I I know you're not like a lot of
companies out there that always
exaggerate their sales numbers cuz how
can you help them when you don't even
know what's going on? So like
realistically how many are they closing?
>> So it sounds like
anytime you are trying to get the
prospect to make a change usually buying
something from you helping solve their
problem
one of the big things you are
considering is what is the identity
state that they are in and how can I
help move that identity towards the
direction of solving their problem and
subsequently buying whatever I'm
selling.
Let's say that we've done a good job
here and I've got Armand who
Look Jeremy if you could do this you'd
be getting a big fat commission check.
If you could get Armand to be
open-minded to new ideas
oh man I got a Venmo for you. Let's say
you've gotten him to a place where he's
like I am open-minded I am
forward-thinking and I do want to invest
I want the best for my business.
Jeremy I really want to hear about how
you can help me solve this problem.
And it comes time maybe now for you to
start telling or showing. I'm very
curious about the presentation piece.
>> So, I'm I'm going to So, most of this is
where this is where sometimes they'll
have a great discovery and they'll just
lose it here because they just get into
talking about features or benefits or
like if it's SaaS, they're like, "This
button does this. This does this." And
all it does they they basically talk
themselves out of it because they'll
bring up a feature and then that doesn't
have anything to do with solving these
prob- these five problems they they
found. And it actually triggers an
objection cuz they're like, "Oh, I don't
know if that'll work because we use
this."
You know? And so, I would have already
found that out in what's called solution
awareness questions cuz I would have
been like, "Okay, so before you start
talking with us like what were you doing
>> Mhm.
>> about solving you know, what were you
doing about finding ABC, you know,
whatever solution, whatever?" Like,
"Well, we looked at this. We looked at
that." Okay, so those those are fairly
decent firms. Like, what prevented you
from going with them?
Well, we didn't like this. We didn't
like that. We didn't like how they
connected with the CRM. See, I'm getting
all that data.
And so, when I go into my presentation,
let's say my some stuff does something
similar, I know now how to frame that so
much better where I don't trigger the
same concerns.
So, by default, I don't really get the
same objections.
>> Mhm.
>> all That's what a discovery call is
because what I what I now know is what
mud is going to stick on the wall. The
way I structure it is like, "Okay, so
and it depends on what you're selling."
There's some different things that we do
for life insurance compared to SaaS
compared to you know, if I'm selling
cars compared to financial services.
There's different tweaks. But now you're
saying that
your reps sometimes struggle with like,
you know, triggering sales resistance at
the very beginning. Okay? And because of
that, the call just goes off the hooks
and by the end they already know they're
not going to buy.
So, one of the biggest reasons that come
to your space come to us is exactly that
same thing.
Like, I hear that probably six times a
day, okay? Is that the reps start off
the call so bad, trigger resistance, and
it's pretty much over. So, just saying
that this is pretty normal stuff that we
deal with every day. So, the way we
solve that is
So, see how I structured that?
Here's their problem, and here's the
consequence of that problem, and then I
said what one of the biggest reasons why
companies face come to us is the same
problem.
So, now I'm building credibility. This
is what we deal with every day.
>> Telling them you're in the right place.
>> Yeah, without saying we're the best.
Without saying we're the best.
>> Mhm.
>> Or we're number one. Cuz that's the
pattern they're used to every company
saying, which they don't believe. They
don't trust that. So, I'm doing the same
thing
without triggering resistance. Okay? I'm
basically building credibility without
saying we're the best. Or don't worry,
we'll do it better for you. Like that
doesn't work. Like people are smart,
okay? So, I'm like, "So, the way we
solve that is
and then I go over like, you know, for
yours like how you would actually solve
that, what you guys do, you help them
with this, you help them with that, help
them with this. And then the third thing
is I say, "So, really what that means to
you is when your reps now get on the
call,
they learn how to disarm the guards
down, so the rest of that call goes so
much smoother, and they're closing at a
much higher level, which then helps you,
like you had said, scale to $25 million
a year. Now, in your mind, what I just
went over,
what did you see in there that you feel
could really help you the most?
That's the first thing I might cover.
Now, the second thing we do, remember
how you were also saying that when you
get into, you know, trying to find
problems, you're asking, you know, these
questions like what are your biggest
problems, and it seems like they clam
up.
>> Mhm.
>> Surface level. So, what we do instead is
we're going to help re-language those
questions where they're not really
predictable, where the prospect doesn't
know where the question leads, okay? And
get them to defend themselves on why
they're looking to make a change. So,
one of the biggest things as well, like
when issue that a lot of companies have
as well, is very similar to yours, is
they have that same thing is that they
try to ask these questions that
everybody asks, and they get the same
service level answers. So, the way we
solve that for you is
blah blah blah blah blah. So, really
what that means to you is when you ask
those questions because they're not as
threatened and they're open, they
actually open up rather than your reps
like just selling to like the surface of
what's really going on.
What are your thoughts on that? Or
whatever. So, see I'm breaking it down.
So, here's your problem. Remember how
you said and because that's causing this
consequence, okay? So, the way we solve
that is
So, that's logistical.
>> Mhm.
>> Like logic-based thinking and what that
means to you is
end outcome. So, if I'm doing a a demo,
okay? So, remember how you said that
you're having this XYZ problem with you
being forced to like hire six people to
do all of this work manually. So, the
way we solve your invoicing issue is
like if you click this button, this
does, you know, goes this, this, this,
and this.
And really what that means to you is
instead of each of these people spending
3 hours a day
manually doing this,
this actually happens within 3 minutes
now. Meaning that they're able to work,
they've got 15 more hours a week to
actually work on growing the business.
What are your thoughts on that?
So, see how I'm like tying it all in not
like this feature does this, this
feature does this, this feature does
this and by like 10 minutes they're
already thinking about picking up their
kids from the, you know, school.
>> Yeah. You're taking everything you learn
in discovery and you're slowly building
this bridge to this is the problem, the
consequence. Hey, you're in the right
place. Now they're walking the bridge
over towards your side. The way we solve
that is this. Here's what it means.
Here's the outcome. You're very
intentional with the questions you're
asking at the end of each of these
riffs. Could you talk about that a
little bit more? What questions are you
asking?
>> we call those checking for agreement
questions. We're just checking to see
where the pulse is.
What are your thoughts on that? Or how
do you see that aspect
helping you?
So, I'm just seeing where they're where
they're because whatever they say there
and how they say it tells me
kind of what they're thinking. I'm
listening to their tone. If they're
like, "Wow, that's really great." Well,
in what way? How do you feel like it's
great? Ah, or if they're like, well, I
can see how that would probably work.
Hold on. You seem a bit hesitant when I
ask you that. What's what's coming up
for you? You can tell me.
So, I'm listening to what they mean, not
just what they say. If they are saying
something, but their tonality doesn't
match, you are actually confronting that
and you are calling that out. And I
think that's something that a lot of
sellers are afraid to do.
But, if you're picking up on this, you
actually keep yourself up here when you
when you directly call it out. Well,
they they view you as like an expert.
See, I have the right they open up
because by this point I've got them to
relive their pain, not just tell me the
problem. That's just surface level.
That's they Oh, yeah, it's it's just
really sucks right now. Hold on.
In what way?
I got to go way deeper. Two biggest
emotional drivers that causes a human
being to want to change our pain of the
current situation in the past and then a
fear of future pain. A lot of sellers
will say the two biggest drivers are
pain and then
moving towards pleasure. I say
Pleasure's a distant third. Do you know
why? Let's say if you're a gym trainer
and a lady comes up to you and say like,
"Yeah, I'm looking for, you know, like
one-on-one help, blah blah blah." And he
asks, "Why?" And she's like, "Well, I
just want to look really really good in
my bikini this summer I go to the
beach." Oh, moving towards pleasure,
that makes sense. But, what does she
have a fear of?
>> Not looking good.
>> Looking really bad at the beach in a
bikini. She just didn't tell you that.
Yeah. That's fear of future pain.
>> Mhm.
>> Those are the two biggest emotional
drivers that cause them to want to
change. So, when I help them feel that
and internalize that, it triggers
massive urgency for them to want to
change and change like right now.
>> Yeah.
>> So, like if I have a sales cycle, like
we taking companies that 12-month sales
cycles and now on average they have
three-month sales cycles. Selling the
same thing. Well, how is that? Cuz now
they're building massive urgency. These
are big, you know, enterprise companies.
Urgency is like taking them out to lunch
75 times, like bribing them with
cookies. Like I don't need to do that.
Like experts don't need to do that.
Sure, it's nice here and there, but like
they know what you're doing. It's not
like this hasn't happened before.
>> I love it. Well, look, Jeremy, the clock
is ticking and we're running out of
time. So, I got to move us to the final
question here.
>> Let's go.
>> We talked about a lot of best practices
for sales people to lean into, whether
the de-frame, reframe, the way that they
use their body to control their voice,
the way that they open a cold call, not
sending endless boxes of cookies to
their prospects. I want to ask you now
about the number one thing that you see
sales people doing that they think is
helping them
that actually hurts them that they
should stop doing.
>> They're too nice. And here's what I mean
by that. There's a difference between
being nice and being kind. What's the
difference? Let's say you Let's say you
guys are both single. I don't know if
you're single, married, whatever. And
you're at some lounge and you're meeting
some beautiful women or whatever. And
Armand like kind of smells your breath
naked and for some reason Nick forgot to
brush his teeth.
Now, the nice guy
wouldn't say anything to Nick cuz he'd
be afraid that Nick would get upset and
be offended, okay? When he saw the
problem. The kind guy would pull Nick
aside and be like, "Hey, Nick.
Let's have a
We're having a great time in there.
You might have forgot to brush your
teeth. Here's some mints. Let's go in
here and let's have a great night."
That's the kind guy that wants to solve
your problem. Sales people are too nice.
You learn how to be kind and you're
concerned about the consequences
of what happens if they don't change
their situation with me. That's what I'm
concerned about and they feel that I'm
concerned about these consequences. I'm
not concerned that they say they don't
have any money cuz that's all
I'm not concerned that they want to
think it over cuz that's all I
can't help them. I'm concerned about the
consequences if you don't change and
they feel that from me.
>> This is why I'm single because I don't
have a kind friend and Nick.
>> [laughter]
>> This is what was happening the whole
time. Now I understand.
>> [snorts]
>> You're getting better. Jeremy, this has
been a phenomenal episode. Thank you for
joining us. Everybody stick around for a
60-second recap coming up soon. All
right, Nick, it's time for a two-by-two
recap from this episode with Jeremy
Miner. What do you have for your two?
>> Number one is your prospect's
self-identity. The way that they see
themselves informs their action and you
can control their identity and thus the
actions they take by helping prime their
identity or frame their identity in the
direction that you want. An example
might be Armand, you you don't seem like
the type of guy who's like totally
closed off to new ideas. Like that's
something I actually really appreciate
about you is like you're open to like
seeing things in different perspectives
or hearing different ways to solve
things and that's that's something I
really appreciate about you. I imagine
that's something you like about
yourself.
Well, Armand's not going to be like,
"I'm very closed off. I'm not open to
new ideas." He's now going to have to
play in to that identity of someone who
is open to hearing different ways to do
things. My next one is your frame and
your identity walking into a call
has a downstream impact in literally
every other interaction you are going to
have with the prospect. And Jeremy talks
about high intent
low attachment. For you as a
salesperson, your number one goal is to
help them solve their problem and you
can throw out every other selling
technique out there as long as you are
coming from a place of high intent to
solve their problem but low attachment
because ultimately they need to be
bought in and solving that problem. You
can't do it for them. That That frame
for yourself, that identity for
yourself, if you follow that will help
you everywhere in sales.
>> Number three, the moment you get on a
sales call
one thing you can do to raise your
status is if someone is late, don't just
be like, "Oh, it's totally okay. Don't
worry, I had all day." Give them a
little bit of crap for it. It will show
that you're comfortable in your skin,
but you also respect your own time and
you're comfortable giving them a little
bit of And then lastly, number
four, I actually loved this tiny line
that Jeremy uses in his cold calls.
Right when he's about to pitch, he goes,
"Look, I'm not even sure if this makes
sense yet, but" and then it shows that
he's not attached to the pitch and he's
not begging for a meeting. It's on the
prospect to qualify themselves into why
he should spend his time meeting with
them. Ardenic, how can people help us
out?
>> This was our second time having Jeremy
on the show and his first appearance, I
think is one of our best performing ever
30 MPC YouTube videos where we covered
the seven types of tonality that you can
use as a seller. You heard in this
episode tone really, really matters when
it comes to the questions you're asking,
the statements you're making, and the
way that your prospects perceive you.
And so, if you like this one with Jeremy
and you want to learn how to master your
tone in sales, there's a link in the
show notes, there's a link in the
description to go check out that one
with Jeremy. Thanks for listening.
Thanks for watching and we'll see you
next week on 30 MPC.
