Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "Km9_roPKpHY",
  "title": "How to Pivot Your SaaS Startup for Success with Arvind Ramasami | Predictable Revenue Podcast Replay",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km9_roPKpHY",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 439,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Welcome back to the predictable revenue
podcast. I'm your host Colin Stewart and
today I'm joined by Arvin Ramasami. He's
the founder and CEO over at Staff Agent
and we're going to talk product market
fit. Welcome to the predictable revenue
podcast where sales leaders teach you
what's working for them. All that said,
Arvin, welcome to the show. Thanks for
joining us today.
>> Thank you.
>> I want to talk about staff agent, but I
want to talk about kind of the the
journey to get to staff agent. So, where
did the idea come from and talk to me
about how you got there? Well, when I
started my business, that's when the AI
buzz started coming out in the market.
This was back about roughly three and a
half years ago.
>> Are you saying you're responsible for
all the AI buzz? It was all you?
>> Well, I was on the receiving side,
forced to be into it.
>> Yeah.
When I started thinking on what is the
problem that I'm going to solve, what
motivated me was the area where there
are large volumes of human resources
involved, the repetitive task and how I
can help those. And then I decided to
build a phone platform, a telephone
platform driven by AI where uh it
supplements the human resources to get
the work done fast. And then I was
thinking what is the first thing that I
need to build and the second thing was
where is the revenue coming from. So I
come from a software engineering and
security background. So I decided to
start with uh identity and access
management services. And I started that
I pretty much had SAS companies for
company formation for payroll 401k
pretty much everything except for one
area which is hiring. I was still
dependent on the human resources where
uh one person cannot like reach many in
a given span of time. That's when this
idea came to me. Why not I built one for
hiring first? That's how it started.
>> Was it smooth sailing and now you're you
know 100 billion in revenue or were
there some bumps along the way?
>> Well, I wish it's definitely not smooth.
I've had my own challenges like
originally I I I used to talk tech more
tech. I'm not coming from a sales
background. So I used to talk more of AI
than solving the problem. So it was more
of selling the concept than selling the
product itself. So it took me about 6
months after the beta was launched to go
through that stage. Finally I pivoted my
style towards how this will help your
business operations. So to in those 6
months you spent like you built the
thing you spent 6 months kind of
struggling to sell it. The realization
was that you had to basically I think
figure out how to position it and then
realize that instead of just talking
about features and specs you had to talk
about kind of the business problems that
they're solving and so was there
anything in the product that changed
during that time or was this just the
kind of the sales learning period? A lot
of changes in the product as well as the
learning in sales plus like I said it
was more of how does this work rather
than how much it costs or how it is
going to help. So this is a totally a
new concept. It's like huh come on who's
going to talk to a robot right? So that
was the market perception and everything
changed. I think this was 2024 Q4 when
Satya Nadada spoke a lot about voice AI
in their Ignite event followed by I
think a week or two later Gemini
introduced their voice AI. So now voice
AI is all over. So the first 6 months it
sounded like I'm the only one talking
about it in my network. So I was go with
an intention of selling but I ended up
educating people and then the answer was
h it's not going to work. So that's the
phase I had to go through and especially
when I'm bootstrapped it's good and bad.
good meaning nobody questions me why the
sales is not happening but bad that I'm
burning my own funds and I'm not getting
anything out of it right so all this I
was going through from a market
perspective and from the technology side
there was a lot of lag in the voice the
models don't sound intelligent enough so
there were a lot of challenges to start
with and then by in that 6 months is
when I tried it for my own hiring I
could see what are all the flaws that I
was going through. So that helped me a
little bit to shape up like taking care
of the lag, how much would it cost me
for all the layers involved in the
architecture. So those were the
learnings. So in short, it was the full
stream of learning. It's not just sales,
it's everything.
>> How long did it take from kind of when
you when you had something that you
thought was ready to by the time you got
your first customer? What was that kind
of time period?
>> I think roughly it took me six months.
>> Okay. Where did you find that first
customer? from my uh business network.
So I used to attend forums during those
six months like the sales forums and uh
you know the services consulting firms.
I was actually actively talking about
it. So one of the staffing firm step
forward to try it.
>> Nice.
>> That was Yeah.
>> What do you think made them take a
chance on you?
>> Well the problem statement was very
evident. They have the same problem.
They get at least like four to five
positions in a day and they have a
limited staff. So depending on what kind
of position they're trying to fill, it
takes few days to few weeks to get to
the top three. So their big pain was how
do I navigate through all the résumés
and the initial screening to filter out
the candidates. So the since the problem
statement was kind of very evident in
the market and there was no automation
involved and that's when uh I'm proud to
say that I was first AI who came up with
that solution.
>> Interesting. I love it. And so after you
land your first one, how long did it
take you to find your next one? I
>> think roughly about another month.
>> Okay. And was this network as well?
>> It was a reference from the first one.
>> I love that. There's nothing better than
you know your customers referring you to
more customers.
>> Yeah. Oh, by the way, these are all the
trial customers like the first and
second and for a longer time. I I ran
the trial for at least I would say 10
months to a year.
>> Talk to me about the trial. What did
that entail? Like free trial, they give
you a dollar, they give you $100. Like
what did that look like? No dollars
involved. I just give the platform for
free. They start using it. So it it was
fully free.
>> And how many folks did you onboard that
way?
>> Roughly about 5 to eight.
>> Okay. And free for the first year for
the first five to eight people.
>> Okay. Here is what it is. I started off
telling it is a 1 month free trial then
later uh convert to a paid. But that one
month did not gain enough confidence for
my customers to say if I don't have this
tool I can still run the business. So
there's no product market fit at that
point.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. Okay. And so you give them all
this these trials. You've got them
learning and playing with it, but
they're not quite sold on it. And so
what did you what did you do in order to
get them from over the hill of I'll give
you some money? Well, actually I pivoted
my uh selling from hiring to sales and
marketing. That's where I was able to
move forward. So the time that I was
selling the hiring was very slow. This
I'm talking about 24 Q4 through 25 up
until Q2. So the hiring was very less.
So there was less motivation for
somebody to experiment. But I started
getting a lot of inquiries through word
of mouth. I did some uh I had my shows
in some of the forums. So through that I
gained a lot of inquiries but those
inquiries led towards can you do
something for my sales and marketing. So
I quickly learned that there are a lot
of customers who are willing to
experiment this for a function of their
business that has an immediate ROI. So I
pivoted myself from operational
efficiency to ROI based. So that's one
of the sales learning that I had after I
launched my first use case. So I stopped
focusing too much on the first use case
and then start building the campaigning.
I call it campaigning because it can be
used for sales, marketing, customer
support, anything. And
>> interesting. And so once you pivoted to
that, how did the paid customer
acquisition go? Okay, that's that was
the real good moment in this entire
journey where the the first question
that I used to face was what is this?
Then later I started getting questions
like does it work and now how much it
cost? So the moment I started seeing
that now I have onboarded a couple of
customers without trial direct paying
nice.
>> Why? because they see the voice AI space
is like expanding and also I give
references from my other customers. So
overall the conversion became very easy
for me. So I'm spending time talking to
them on how else can this help you
rather than just trying to still do the
sales pitch. Got yeah I love the how
much is this going to cost me question
because it just shows intent. you know,
it doesn't necessarily mean they're
going to buy, but it's a step in the in
the customer development process that
just shows that they're thinking about
it, you know, and they're trying to do
the math in their head. Um, I've got a
product that I'm I've got my first three
beta users lined up. We're hopefully
going live in the next couple weeks. And
I've been showing it to other folks just
to get their feedback because I want to
have a big like I don't want to do a
huge big messy launch, but I do want to
have a filtered list of folks that I can
talk to that I know are understand the
problem and are ready to try it out once
it's ready. And uh I had one of those
the other day and I didn't think they
were good. I was like, "Yeah, okay. I
don't don't seem like doesn't seem like
they're really into it." And then all of
a sudden he he kind of paused. He leaned
back and he's like, "So, what's this
going to cost?" And my sales brain was
just like, "Nice." You know, it's not a
sale. It is It definitely doesn't count
as a sale, but it's a win. You know,
it's you're getting customers a little
bit farther down the like, "What do you
do? How does it work?" You know, and
there you can tell they're starting to
do the math. And, you know, I threw out
some pricing and he's like, "So, you
want that's like $800 to $1,600." And I
just kind of sat there and I was like, I
just want to see what he said. He didn't
tell me to f off and die. So, that's a
win,
>> right?
>> When you were pricing, I How did you
come up with the the final price that
you landed on? And I say final.
>> Yeah. I I don't even remember how many
iterations I went through to the pricing
model that I have today. Honestly, even
today, I'm not convinced if I'm doing
the right pricing model. The only
convincing factor is my competitors are
also following the same. That's the only
reason. fully not convinced the
iterations that I went through.
Originally when I launched the hiring
use case, I was pricing it based on the
number of interviews. Then I realized it
is telecom. I get charged based on the
minutes. I get charged based on the
tokens that I consume from all these AI
models. So then I converted that to the
minutes. Same is the case with the
campaign. I said like if you're trying
to reach 500 customers or potential
customers here is the cost. Again the
same problem came. So I went through
iterations and finally decided it is the
minute. So right now I charge per minute
and I think pretty much uh the industry
is also doing the same. I mean the
competitors.
>> Gotcha. There's a really good old joke
in there but I think we'll just we'll be
mature for a few minutes here.
>> But hear the joke later. Okay. Well,
let's just say it has to do with you
charging by the minute. We'll let you
draw your own conclusions. So, talk to
me about the moment you realize you
might have product market fit.
>> Question. Honestly, I I won't consider
me fully a product market fit stage yet,
but I'm definitely in the early stage.
when my customers started asking me
questions like I triggered a call volume
of thousand to sell XYZ service can you
have the call addressing with each
individual names meaning they want me to
personalize it then I started getting
requests like can I have a better human
sounding voice now your analytics
provides me XYZ but I want ABC also so
the request started coming in more
frequently to a point where I'm
struggling to deliver that now. So
that's when I realized there is no more
a question of me trying to talk too much
about selling. It's about the business
is getting some value out of this but
they're expecting more. That's the
moment I realized okay I won't say I'm
fully there but I think I I've got into
that first step of product market fit. I
would consider it I'm fully there. When
my customer says because your product or
the platform was down for 5 hours, X
amount is the loss for me. That's when I
would say if I'm not there then there is
a real dollar loss for you. So I want to
get to that point. For now they are
upset. They quickly switch to their
human resource team. It's just that 1
hour of work will take them like a week
or so. But in terms of the product
market fit, I think I I've achieved that
first.
>> I like the way you're thinking about it.
I'm a big fan of like the idea that
product market fit isn't binary. It is
not a light switch you flip on and
you've pushed the button and now I've
pushed the button. I have product market
fit. I think product market fit is
something that exists on a spectrum. And
what you have now is some product market
fit. And what you'll have in a couple
months is stronger product market fit.
And it'll keep getting stronger the more
you learn, the more you build, the more
you understand, the more it fits into
that particular market.
>> Absolutely. Yep. That's that's that's
exactly my thought on the product market
fit. I I wonder do you mind if I ask
kind of a harder question cuz like I
love the journey the the thing you said
earlier was you know you kind of you
started off by building your own ideas
in the staff a not staff agent that's
the name of the company but in the HR
kind of then you started like giving it
to customers to use and 6 months before
you got your first paying user and then
you know another couple of months before
you got or yeah 6 months before you got
any users and then a couple months
before you got a paying user. Do you
think you could have shortcuted this?
And if so, what do you think you would
like? What what could you have done
differently in order to maybe get here
faster?
>> Well, I wish I got the idea of building
something into the sales area as my
first idea than the hiring. The hiring
decision is something that came out of
just my own problem statement, right?
While that is a pro you know even
existing problem I mean as of today too
but if I were to go back in time and
then think through this I would think
from a selling standpoint first before I
think about the AI or platform or
anything what is that that provides an
immediate ROI to any business that's
that should be the goal first then
thinking about operational efficiency so
what I launched helped with operational
efficiency you're able to onboard a
resource in low let's at two weeks as
compared to two weeks, right? But that's
that's not helping them gain any
dollars.
>> It is, but it's a harder cell, you know?
It's a it's a couple of steps removed
from I'll save you money.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. I'm a big fan of like there's only
you can save me money, you can make me
money, or you can reduce my risk, you
know? And like those are the only three
things. It's got to tie to one of those
three one of those three things. And
it's got to be a short hop, not like two
steps and a skip away from it, you know?
I wish I met you at least two three
years ago to know these three points. I
learned it hard way. I really appreciate
you sharing and we'll absolutely check
in end of this year. See how things are
going for you.
>> Thank you so much Colin Arvin. Thank you
so much for coming on the show. Really
appreciate you sharing your journey.
>> Yeah, I enjoyed the conversation. Thank
you.
>> Me too. Thanks for everybody for
listening. We'll catch youall next week.
