Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "PoMWVC7a67I",
  "title": "Understanding PMF in Data Security | Predictable Revenue Founder Tips",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoMWVC7a67I",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 94,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Describe the moment when you realized
you might have product market fit.
>> Um I would say that that's um that start
to see when when you start to close the
first deals and you see why really the
customers why they really buy. And again
by the way there are different segments
of customers and the reason the why
might be different to different
segments, right? Depends on the product.
Think about the when you somebody when
Microsoft is selling Excel, there's the
very very different why if you are a
financial analyst versus someone
completely different, right? Same tool.
And for us, right? We knew from day one
that we were the building a a data
security platform. We're not building it
tool for a very specific attack vector.
Nothing bad in that, but that's not what
we what we're doing because part of what
we believed that AI is going to touch
data in so many different ways. And
again, one of the I would say second
chronic disease in the space, maybe in
general in cyber not just data security,
is you don't solve one problem, you need
so many different tools. It just kind of
feels unattainable, right? Not
budget-wise, not attention-wise, et
cetera.
And it's true for the data data security
space as well. But beyond that, we
believe that AI is going to touch data
in so many different ways. Input from
the user, output to the user,
third-party system, reading data
repositories. Now, talking to MC P
servers, right? So it's kind of like a
four-directional type of communication
of data
that we want to provide a solution that
can deal with all of that. So to we're
actually really provide a real platform
that can cover all of those directions
of communication for data in rest at
rest, in use, in transit in one in one
swoop. So you can imagine that once you
have that, actually there you can do a
lot with it. Maybe too much. So to find
right what is the right circumstance why
customers would buy, why us. So as I
would say the first time you say, "Ah,
it's maybe early signs." But now I
understand that we can find a lot of
more like that because we know what to
say, where we are positioned such that
we can have a very unique value
proposition compared to other to
compared to incumbents, compared to
maybe to more traditional but bigger
data security players or other startups
as well.
>> Interesting. And so to you, it started
to feel more repeatable, more like you
were the product market fit was
strengthening when you were able to
understand why customers really bought
and then understand understand what was
really driving the sale. And And you
>> Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So So it's almost
understanding, right? You always have a
thesis when you're building a product of
how you're going to win, right?
>> Mhm.
>> You know, the thing you know, we have
differentiated technology, better
pricing, better integration, better
whatever, better UX, all of the above.
But then when you see this thesis, and
of course it takes it moves along the
way, right? But when you see this thesis
come to fruition say, you know, that's
why we won. That's how we designed it.
That's what the customers appreciated.
This is what other vendors could not
provide. And that's why we were selected
at the end. And when you see that few
times already with the same type of,
let's say, thesis of the
capabilities, very prop differentiate
tools, and acceptance by the customers
say, you know, we're seeing something
here that we're going to repeat.
