Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "51Fi4W4Gw9g",
  "title": "Validating Tech Early: A Data-Driven Approach | Predictable Revenue Founder Tips",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51Fi4W4Gw9g",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 138,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
So, I would say that they the core
technology we had in our head before we
raised money in the very early days of
actually validating the concept with
customers, right? Before we started the
company, basically. So, we kind of had a
very, very good idea and again, we have
a lot of experience in enterprise scale
algorithmic development and data-driven
solutions. So, we had a pretty good idea
of how it's going to be working. One of
the reasons why we worked very early on
with some design partners to get access
to the data because we want to validate
the concepts. Technologically,
conceptually it can work really well on
real-life data and not just synthetic
data. That's why we engaged very, very
early, way before we were ready for a
beta or alpha version, just to be
exposed to data and which helped a lot,
right? There some stuff you just can't
guess, right? In terms of how data looks
like, how it comes about, how to deal
with it, etc. So, when we got to a I
would say beta phase, about four or five
quarters after we started,
the product already worked pretty well,
actually. So, it worked really well
because we tested it well, I think we
designed it pretty well. We knew pretty
uh
accurately how to develop this
technology ahead of time, so it was more
about implementation and testing it
early on customer data.
>> Got you.
>> If it worked so well in the beta, how
did you think about pricing it? Was it,
"Hey, you get to use it till the point
where it's working?" Or this is a paid
pilot proof of concept and it's going to
be six figures?
>> Yes, so we luckily, data security space
is not new, as we said earlier. So,
there's already relatively thinking some
established price points of a how much
organization willing to pay for a
solution in data security at large, per
user, per volume, per stuff like that.
So, we didn't want to uh
Let's say we did not have any motivation
to get too creative uh about the pricing
price points because actually the
established price was a pretty good.
What's not good is the solutions, right?
So, we we didn't want to innovate
pricing. There's nothing bad in that,
but there was no need to. It was a one
was one making sure as we are using a
lot of AI ourselves
where AI native cloud native solution is
to make sure that while we can keep
similar frameworks of pricing
established data security market already
established is to make sure that our
unit economics make sense again not
optimal right starting but just make
sense and which I mean which is very uh
tough to do even from the get-go but it
was very important for us.
>> Got you.
Your first customers came from that kind
of early conversations with investors
and friends and network. When did you
start to move outside of your network
and look for customers that were you
know you couldn't get a referral to?
>> So we almost from day one of the company
always did also cold outreach always.
One because you need to right you want
to have bigger pipeline bigger exposure
etc. And second it's just a great way to
validate messages right there's a big
difference between someone not doing
favor but you know someone trusts us due
to the network effect I would say it's
not to worry about trust versus if
someone that never heard about us don't
know who we are no trust is established
but care about what we are saying and
what kind of value we can deliver. So we
always did it and always do.
>> I love that. I'm a huge fan and I think
that
you know the failure state is without
bound can be very unkind in in terms of
you try a bunch of things you send a
bunch of emails you get zeros. How did
you think about the you know testing you
know is outbound working or not working
for us or is it the message that's
resonating with folks or not resonating
for folks?
>> So we were very very I was very very
systematic in that in the early days so
we had not kidding thousands of outbound
communications thousands
when we were still in stealth mode and
basically kind of every few hundreds I
kind of played with the message did
message like you know we are data
security company solving AI problems.
Message okay, this is my background.
Love to get feedback, right? So,
different takes, some of them are more
personal, some of them more pain
oriented, some of them more solution
oriented. And see what resonates and
repeat it. Change messaging along the
way because AI is moving so fast. So,
even if certain messages work in 2024,
25 they will look outdated. Think about
Copilot was a big story 24. Now, not a
lot of people talk about that because
it's better good, just the world moved
on architecturally and conceptually,
right? So, wait. So, that's part of the
challenge and opportunity space that the
interest of organizations is changing so
rapidly and the knowledge or lack of
knowledge is change is change changing
so rapidly due to AI. And of course,
data security needs to protect AI or AI
type of usage is then needs to come
along. So, I would say a lot of
experimentation but in big volumes,
significant volumes.
