Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "8JKq6ZzGNX0",
  "title": "Understanding Early Adopters in Tech | Predictable Revenue Founder Tips",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JKq6ZzGNX0",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 63,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
At the end of the day, when you're
trying to get the attention of early
adopters, the
early adopters know that they are early
adopters. You don't know that, right? If
you don't know them. So, my point early
adopters react very, very differently
than people that don't know the early
majority kind of terminology of
crossing the chasm. We can use more,
more than type of analogies, but they
are very, very different, right? And a
lot of the early adopters are
are
are looking to learn about new stuff.
They want to influence new stuff, so
they enjoy the benefit of basically
being sponsored to a company, and being
part of the friends family even if they
never met you before. They are because
they are also curious about the domain.
Though, it's very specific type of
persona that you just can't tell, you
know, by not knowing the people. And
that's why you need to, you know,
contact a lot, right? In general, right,
there will be very, very few percent in
any segment that would consider
themselves as early adopters. At large,
and you cannot get to all of them. So,
that's why it requires a lot of touch
point, and not try to sell too early
when the market is not mature to that.
In the sense, understand that whoever is
going to respond is going to be the
early adopter. That is it, they just
wouldn't. It's just too early. Too early
in terms of the your brand, too early in
terms of your lack of readiness because
you're telling them that you're still in
stealth. So, they say, "Ah, it's not for
me because I'm not an early adopter. I
don't have time for that, right?" So,
just understand your audience,
understand the persona that you're
targeting, and just assume that they
because there are few of them, right?
Few percent of the total population,
whatever it might be. Just need to
contact a lot of them. And or to use
your network on top of that.
>> I I mean, I think it's a both and
situation that both cold, you know, pure
cold is a channel that will work as long
as you give it enough time and
attention, and do it in an intelligent
way. And work in your network is is
going to work assuming you have more
than one person in your network.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah, it's me, myself, and I are going
to hustle our network.
>> Exactly.
