Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "d0QrirtMT-k",
  "title": "Product-Market Fit in AI Security with Gidi Cohen | Predictable Revenue Podcast",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0QrirtMT-k",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1455,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Welcome back to the Predictable Revenue
podcast. I'm your host, Colin Stuart.
Today, I'm joined by Gidi Cohen, the
founder and CEO over at Bonfire, and
we're going to talk product-market fit.
Before we jump in, founders, let's be
real. Scaling a company is tough. You're
juggling product, revenue, hiring, and a
million other things. But what if you
had a proven framework, proven people
here to help you navigate the chaos?
That's where our founder coaching
program comes in. Whether you're trying
to find your first customer or fine-tune
your go-to-market strategy, we're here
to help you build a business that's,
well, predictable.
>> [music]
>> Welcome to the Predictable Revenue
podcast, where sales leaders teach you
[music] what's working for them, so you
can build it yourself.
>> Gidi, welcome to the show. Thank you so
much for joining us.
>> Yeah, Colin, great day great of being
here. Thank you. Thank you for for
having me.
>> Of course. I'm excited to I'm excited to
dig in. I I want to talk start talking
about Bonfire Bonfee, sorry. Like
Bonfire.
>> is good.
>> Where did the idea come from?
>> Yeah, so I would say the origination of
the idea came in 2023, before we start
the company, obviously, where it was
clear that AI is taking off in a very um
substantial way. Now, I think we'll see
the nowadays substantial way. Given, you
know, all of my experience and my
co-founder experience in the enterprise
security market, it was clear to us that
that will create a big shake a shakeout
of what happens in the security space.
And especially as related to data, into
AI, within AI, outside AI, and all of
that. So, it's okay, there's some real
thing going on or will go on in the
space, and let's dig in. So, that's how
it started.
>> Interesting. And so, from like, did you
see something like mythos coming all the
way down the pipeline, or was it more
the interacting with the models becoming
a greater security risk than we
typically are used to?
>> Yeah, I think that it's a probably all
of the above. I mean, it was clear to us
that few things would happen, and I
think it's happening big time. One that
due to automation regardless of to
automating writing an email or viewing a
document or taking much more complicated
stuff will mean that one I can make
mistakes. Second, humans are going to
get more and more out of the loop due to
the automation and trust in it. Third,
you're now connected to enterprise
workflows and the like and definitely
the risk level increase significantly.
So it was clear to us that the that
again automation humans getting out of
the loop the the inconsistent behavior
of AI LLMs even today and not just 3
years ago, all of that will just cause a
lot of anxiety and actual risk in
organizations. [clears throat]
>> So you have this insight which I think
is a in hindsight obviously you know
pretty on the money. How did you go did
you just start building and saying hey
we're this is the this is the vision
this is what I see coming in the future.
I am the oracle let's go build that or
were there some steps involved talking
to customers interviewing folks like
help me walk me through from like idea
to when you first kind of started
getting serious and maybe started
writing some stuff.
>> Yeah. So I would say maybe the first day
advice I would give to everyone
including myself if you have a great
idea sleep on it for a day before you
kill it completely, right? So first of
all right this you need to need to soak
yourself right especially us right we've
been in the industry for a while Danny
and myself we've seen a lot we've done a
lot and we know not not every great idea
is a an idea worth pursuing, right?
Interest competition the customer needs
all of the above. And but I would say
right after that was clear to us that
there's a big potentially right they can
happen here. And just talking to a lot
of customers a lot of prospects, right?
I know many of them right many of they
were my customers in previous life and
many others that I never talked and met
before and we spent few months right of
just talking to tens and tens of
people could be investors chief
information security officers right our
domains like the cyber security domain
and a lot of others, just to basically
poke holes in the idea on one end and on
the other end to see if you know, the
idea has some merit and some legs and
some interest and whether what we see
that will come couple of years after
that is something that others share the
same vision. So, I would say a lot of
validation calls to tune both
our understanding whether this is a real
pain, is it understood at all the pain
and what should be potentially the
strategy of addressing it. Tons and tons
of [clears throat] discussions.
>> I love that. I've got a couple follow-on
questions. One, what was it specifically
that you were hearing from, you know,
these people that you were interviewing
that said that made you say,
"This is the thing." That gave you
enough confidence to say, "Yeah, we're
going all on all in on this direction."
And then two, how does the how did this
process differ from your approach at
Skybox, your last company?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I would say that the initial
part was relatively similar, right?
Talking to a lot of folks, getting a lot
of feedback,
etc.
For sure, right? So, that was from that
perspective very similar. I think that
what they what was different that
as opposed to let's say my previous
company, right? Skybox, where network
security, vulnerability management were
relatively established things. Okay, it
was not mature around them, but they it
was about can we solve some kind of a
painful problem or not, right? Here, the
problem was different, right? In a
sense, that it was clear that AI from an
enterprise perspective is just in the
very, very first baby steps. So, it
wasn't just about whether there's a kind
pain at that point in time, but whether
there is some shared vision of I would
say future pain, which is not easy to
do, to understand whether it makes sense
that they things are going to align,
pains are going to develop, needs are
going to arise on one hand. And second
is that it's clear enough that existing
solutions, because data security, right?
The state that we are in, right? AI data
security, but if you're looking at data
security by itself was not a new space.
So, the fact there are rising needs
possibly in the future doesn't mean
there's a need for new startup with a
new approach, right? So, I would say a
lot of it was
conceptual validation more than we have
prompt today that we must solve. So, and
that was very clear to us from day one.
>> And maybe just for the
uninitiated, help me understand the
difference between just a traditional
cybersecurity play and maybe a some and
a cybersecurity company focusing on data
like yourself.
>> So, I would say that if you're looking
on cybersecurity
as a whole, it touches a lot of
different layers of the IT stack, right?
It can touch network and storage and
cloud and on-prem data centers,
application level, data level, users,
right? So, there are a lot of different
elements and most of the cybersecurity
vendors focus on one of those elements
and try to be really good at because
they're complementary to each other and
they each one of them is a very complex
world by itself in general. So, that's
that's that. So, one, if you're looking
let's say on endpoint security,
anti-malware, email security, firewalls,
CASB, right? Each one of them is a is a
world by itself, right?
If you're looking data security, which
by itself has a lot of different, you
know, segments within it, it's about
it's about focusing on the data itself
and protecting data from misuse,
leakage, compliance issues and a lot of
different elements regarding the actual
data. So, the focus is data as opposed
to the focus is on the network
connectivity, identity. Focus here is on
data. Now, when we started the company,
it was clear to us that the level of
satisfaction by organizations at large
of their data security stack is very
little, very low. Lot of reasons, but
primarily accuracy, technologies are not
kind of up to task. You were going to
talk today about product market fit.
It's a whole space that between us never
had a product market fit. Selling
billions, right? It's above a $10 dollar
market and still they not find paper
market fit. And this was part of what
was exciting to us, right, as a new
startup saying, "Okay, fine, there's
going to be a whole set of new interest
in paying due to the option of AI, but
we thought that a lot of the legacy data
security tools are just not up for task
even before AI, definitely not a fit for
the world of AI. That might create a
great opportunity for us."
>> Yeah, that's a really interesting way to
think about it. I'm I'm curious, you
know, when you think about your the
incumbents not having my I like to think
of it as like product market fit as
strong as opposed to binary strong or
weak cuz it's binary means like, "Ah,
they can't sell anything." But if they
have billions in revenue, they clearly
have something.
>> Exactly.
>> That being said, if I have one customer
and $200 in ARR, I might have some form
of product market fit, but it's not very
strong.
>> Yeah.
>> And so, I'm curious looking at
competitors, looking at fairly large
incumbents with millions or billions in
revenue, how did you what made you think
that their product market fit wasn't
strong and that they it wasn't it was I
guess they were in a weak enough
position that would open up a gap for
you to come in?
>> So, well, multiple reasons. One, as I
said, I talked to tens of CSOs and they
like many of them. And it was kind of
very broad consensus. So, it's not
something they need to discover or
uncover in the market. It's almost like
a well-known chronic disease in the
space
>> Mhm.
>> that most of them are sharing the same
type of challenges. And I'll talk to you
in a second about why AI made it even
tougher, right?
But in general, right, this data
security is only about understanding
content. I mean, what does it mean this
piece of content? Is it regulated or
not? Can it get from a point A to point
B? Should we allow access to those type
of users to get to the data? Without
understanding the data really well, you
just can't can't apply any of those type
of, let's say, logic or controls around
it. So, the issue there, as I said, the
chronic disease in the space that the
solution are just not accurate enough.
Such a tool enforcement can actually
take place with a high enough
confidence, right? Think about if every
10 10 emails in a company Let's say one
out of 10 emails in the company is being
flagged as a leakage wrongly. You have a
big company, maybe let's say 100,000
emails a day. You have 10,000 of them
are flagged and stopped along the way.
That's a big business disruption. No
one's going to use a solution like that.
So, what happened in the data security
space over the years to the one end
organization bought it for compliance
reasons so they could show that they
have controls and visibility. But, the
use of that was so limited or is so
limited due to lack of accuracy and the
minimal level of enforcement again due
to the level of disruption. Now, all of
that has nothing to do with AI. That's
the state of affairs that everyone
understood or agreed to before AI. Why
AI makes it tougher? Not only because
architecturally information can flow in
a lot of different ways and the who
knows what the LLMs will do with the
data. It's primarily because humans are
getting out of the loop. So, think about
let's say when someone is writing, let's
say an email that is leaking information
from the company, let's say. Let's say
by mistake, right? You trust employees
to apply judgment to avoid those
mistakes, correct them, etc., right?
They have context. They have the code
context of the tools and dots in the
organization, ethics, policies, their
training, etc. AI doesn't have any of
that. Now, when you take the humans out
of the loop, how do you know what it
does? So, not only does it at large
scales a new flow, new architecture, in
huge volumes and fast, it does it does
that with very very little context of
the organization. And that's what
basically kind of say if if you're
looking on one of the deficiency or the
chronic disease, let's call it of the
data security space, and the lack of
accurate understanding of content so you
cannot apply enforcement rules. And all
of the challenges that happens with AI
potentially, right? That humans are
getting out the loop and basically you
are leaving the judgment to AI to take
care of your data,
these are actually the two out of three
I'm talking about the second third one,
but two main reasons why we start the
company.
>> Interesting. It's funny when I got
started in my career, da- data security
was disabling the export button in all
the apps that I used. Like, "No, you
can't export your export your you know,
accounts or your contacts or your
whatever." Yeah, you can't forward that
email. You're like, "Well, okay." It's
come a long way since then when we've
gotten
Claude and ChatGPT writing our emails,
preparing our spreadsheets.
A friend of mine's a hedge fund manager
and he's having it it's got access to
his Bloomberg and he's got it creating
all these models and stuff and I'm like,
"Man, can you imagine what would happen
if there was a hallucination in that
chain?"
>> Exactly.
>> I I'm honestly it's terrifying cuz he's
controlling a lot of money. Like, I
hardly trust it to build code zero to
one that that doesn't break. I couldn't
imagine having millions at the on the
other side. Now, in fairness, he's just
doing a lot of modeling. He's not moving
stuff around with Claude, but
>> But that's exactly why we start the
company. The the end of the day, this
unknown type of risk when you want to
adopt AI fast and to enjoy all the
benefits, creating basically from our
perspective the opportunity and as we
looked at the data security space, we
said, "You know what? I'm not saying
that those companies are bad. I'm sure
they have good engineers and since
they're selling billions, so probably
they've done something well,
>> Mhm.
>> but not well enough to be the control
for AI with enforcement and replace or
fill the gaps that humans are being
leaving behind.
>> Yeah. And I mean, I you're trying to sit
there at the user level. Claude,
ChatGPT, Codex have hardly figured this
out. The engineering level where you
have a lot more control over what the
models can and can't do. So, you go
through this, you've got these
interviews, you go through these
interviews, you you find this gap. Did
you just immediately start building or
did you you did you do some validation
first of like, "Hey, here's a thing that
we're going to build. How does that sit
with you? What is the size of this?
Like, who are we selling to?" Or did you
immediately have a good sense because of
your previous company that hey, this is
going to be a CISO sale?
>> Yeah. So, I would say that the the a lot
of the validation was to understand who
is the buying persona actually. Because
again, we knew that the the we assumed
that the need will arise, we'll develop
solution with the conceptual already the
concept of the technology of how to do
that, to implement that at least in our
heads. What we want to validate is two
things. One is who is the buying
persona, which wasn't clear initially.
I'll talk about it in a second. And
second, what are the
highest priority use cases for those
personas. So, what was our debating in
the buying persona? The early days of
early days of AI in the context of 23, I
mean not in the context of AI, you know,
AI started 50 years before, 60 years
before, whatever. Patients say did not
know exactly, including security teams,
whose responsibility will will even fall
under. So, think about let's say if
you're using a model and the model is
wrong in something, hallucination. Is it
the operational issue? Is security
issue? Is it the business unit that owns
whatever the business process issue?
What is it? So, initial response was
yeah, it's not security issue. I mean,
they're not responsible for any
application you run. Fine. But, what
about if the integrity issue resulting
from cyber attack or from prompt
injection? And people scratch their
head, yeah, maybe it's their issue. So,
my point was it was very very unclear
should we sell to legal, compliance,
sales line, security, IT, who is the
buyer? And we talked a lot and we took a
few months, I think, to figure out that
actually our initial intuition that
security buyers are going to be the
right ones, that's where we kind of
settled at the end, right? With enough
feedback and enough background in the
cybersecurity space that even if things
start outside of security, at the end of
the day you want you need to put some
technical controls in place, it lands on
the lap of security team, even if it's
not stemming initially from there.
Anyway, so that was one dimension of
validation, who's they going to be the
buying persona, which team in the
organization is going to be responsible
for adopting those solutions. And second
one was more about the within that,
they're going to be the preferred use
cases. So, where we need to put the
priority. And I would say that that's
where it was toughest to get the
what we call the credible answer,
because it requires a lot of imagination
of people that they're not sure yet
they're going to own the problem of
where would they want to deploy a
technical control that, you know, will
fit one of the use cases they're
responsible for.
>> I like that.
>> Does it make sense?
>> Yeah, so you've got these different kind
of layers of the onion, so to speak.
>> Yep.
>> And so, from you you do all of the the
validation, you kind of get a sense of
the size, the shape, the different
layers, and the different ICPs of who
you're going to have to sell to. At what
point did you nail your first customer
or have sights on your first customer?
Was it folks realizing, "Oh, you're
working on this, I want to pull you into
this." or was it more of a push in a
rock up a hill?
>> I would say it was probably closer to a
push than a pull from that perspective,
right? So, we have a lot of that talk
ourselves, investors, and others. So, we
talked with a lot and there were there
was a lot of interest for different
design partners. Some people that we
knew from our network, but some of it
was actually completely cold outreach
that they we've done complete cold
outreach, which was a good test for
messaging. And we got kind of pretty
good response for that. So, I would say
very early on, probably very few months
after we start development, already we
we had design partners where we can
actually test super early implementation
on their data, so we can actually verify
whatever we do is grounded with real
data as opposed to synthetic data that
we need to generate ourselves.
>> Mhm. Got you.
>> And so, it was more of a push. Where
Talk to me about any you don't have to
tell me who it was, but talk to me about
that first customer landing. And what
was that experience like? You're
pushing, you're doing the cold out
outbound. Like, what what got that first
customer to say yes?
>> I think that they during we started the
company in '24, right? So, I would say
probably later part of '24, they just
start to realize, especially on the
security side, that something has to be
done. So, some of them were starting to
talk about AI governance. And some of
them talked about specific security
concerns. So, I would say that they it
was a kind of a pure still is, but then
definitely pure kind of the early
adopters type of crossing the chasm type
of So, as I said, so they were early
adopters were very curious about what
can be done in the space, what kind of
problems they need to think about in the
space, where it fits in the priorities.
So, I would say there was a lot of
interest from people at the
that wanted both to collaborate, but
especially because they want they were
they had a lot of interest in actually
learning what the space understanding
pain points and potential solutions.
>> Cuz you're you're doing something that
was new and unsolved. And so, there was
a lot of willingness to collaborate.
>> Exactly. It was unsolved for many, many
years even before AI. It was really not
solved in the context of AI. And there
was a lot of
room for collaboration between
between us and them because they want to
learn as well. It's a kind of very
specific requirements that you need you
must solve. It It happens like later,
but initially it was we
did something. We don't know even how to
call it, but it makes sense that the
data will be a big risk. And to what
with startups actually focus on that
element is of interest.
>> Got you. How did you figure out your
first kind of scope of like, all right,
we're going to cover this ground as part
of it? Because I I imagine that one of
the struggles with cybersecurity around
data could be that you could cover every
attack vector. And so, how did you come
up with like that first list of like
it's going to be A, B, and C? And then,
how did you how did you think about
pricing?
>> Yeah.
So, we
I think that we understood pretty well,
again, both because of background, but
also because of working with a lot of
customers and some design partners, etc.
In total scope of the use cases. So, I'm
not saying there are not new ones. We
just introduced some this year. Things
we could maybe imagine a couple of years
ago, but you know, to relate to a driven
directly by a a genetic development. But
even then I think I would say that
probably 80-90% of the use case were the
domain was pretty clear, right? So, from
our perspective, they we try to in the
Venn diagram, right, to look at the
cross between two things. What customers
thought is
high priority use case for them to
address on one end, and for us in the
let's say the ecosystem that they
typically have, which was not tough to
get, Microsoft 365, Google Workspace and
the like, right? Super common. So, we
didn't need to get esoteric around it.
And second one, we want to make sure
that it's viable technologically,
because we knew from day one of starting
Bonfire, it's not a technology for the
faint of heart. It's complex technology,
needs to work accurately, right? As we
said, it's an unsolved problem at that
point in time, even before AI. Needs to
cover a lot of situations, need to be
very scalable, and need to be
cost-effective, right? So, we knew it's
going to be very complex technology to
develop, right? We
took us about five quarters to get to
beta. With quite a few engineering, and
continued since then. So, we part of the
Venn diagram is to look for what
customer wants, and by prioritizing
their use cases in their environments,
but also what's doable is the first one
or two use cases we can address, right?
In terms of performance, in terms of
ecosystem integration, etc. So,
basically that's how we made the
decision. So, it was definitely not
driven only by the demand, but also by
the supply. Again, we knew it's going to
be complex layers of technology we're
developing, that we will not be able to
do everything we want in just version
one, definitely not in the beta version.
>> How do you think about the timing of
when, you know, there's a technological
risk in the project? You know, we're not
even sure we can do some of this stuff.
How did you think about paying that off?
You know, was Did you have some of this
solved before you went to customers, or
did more of that come up the more you
learned about the different things that
they wanted to solve?
>> Yeah, so I would say that the the core
technology we had in our head before we
raised money in the very early days of
actually validating the concept with
customers, right? Before we started the
company basically. So, we kind of had a
very very good answer. Again, we have a
lot of experience in enterprise scale
algorithmic development and data-driven
solutions. So, we had pretty good idea
of how it's going to be working. One of
the reasons why we worked very early on
with some design partners to get access
to the data because we want to validate
the concepts. Techn- conceptually can
work really well on real-life data and
not just synthetic data. And that's why
we engaged very early, way before we
were ready for a beta or alpha version,
just to be exposed to data and we
learned a lot, right? There's some stuff
you just can't guess, right? In terms of
how data looks like, how it comes about,
how to deal with it, etc. So, when we
got to a I would say beta phase, about
four or five quarters after we started,
the product already worked pretty well,
actually. So, it worked really well
because we tested it well. I think we
designed pretty well. We knew pretty
accurately how to develop this
technology and had of time. So, it was
more about implementation and testing it
early on customer data.
>> Got you. If it worked so well in the
beta, how did you think about pricing
it? Was it, "Hey, you get to use it till
a point where it's working?" Or, "This
is a paid pilot proof of concept and
it's going to be six figures."
>> Yes, so we luckily data security space
is not new, as we said earlier. So,
there's already a relatively thinking
some established price points of a how
much organization willing to pay for a
solution data security at large per user
or per volume per stuff like that. So,
we didn't want to
That is would not have any motivation to
get too creative about the pricing price
points because actually the price
established price points are pretty
good. What's not good is the solutions,
right? So, we didn't want to innovate
pricing. There's nothing bad in that,
but there was no need to to So, one was
one more making sure as we are using a
lot of AI ourselves, where AI native
cloud native solution, is to make sure
that the we can keep similar frameworks
of pricing because established data
security after already established is to
make sure that our unit economics make
sense. Again, not optimal, right?
Starting, but just make sense. And which
which is very uh tough to do if from the
get-go, but it was very important for
us.
>> Got you. Your first customers came from
that kind of early conversations with
investors and friends and network. When
did you start to move outside of your
network and look for customers that
were, you know, you couldn't get a
referral to?
>> So, we almost from day one of the
company always did also cold outreach,
always. One because uh you need to,
right? You want a bigger pipeline,
bigger exposure, etc. And secondly, it's
just a great way to validate messages,
right? There's a big difference between
someone not doing favor, but you know,
someone trusts us due to the network
effect. I would say it's a little more
and more trust versus uh with someone
that never heard about us, don't know
who we are, no trust is established, but
care about what we're saying and what
kind of value we can deliver. So, we
always did it and always do.
>> I love that. I'm a
huge fan and I think I you know, the
failure state is with outbound can be
very unkind in in terms of you try a
bunch of things, you send a bunch of
emails, you get zeros. How did you think
about the, you know, testing, you know,
is outbound working or not working for
us or is it the message that's
resonating with folks or not resonating
for folks?
>> So, we were very very I was very very
systematic in that way in early days.
So, we had not [clears throat] kidding
thousands of outbound communications,
thousands, when we were still in stealth
mode. And basically, kind of every few
hundreds I kind of played with a
message. Did message like, you know, we
are data security company solving AI
problems. Message, okay, this is my
background, love to get feedback, right?
So, different takes, some of them are
more personal, some of them are pain
oriented, some of them are solution
oriented, and see what resonates and
repeat it, change message again on the
way because AI is moving so fast. So
even if some messages work in 2024, 25
they will look outdated. Think about
Copilot was a big story 24. Now not a
lot of people talking about it because
it's better good, just the world moved
on architecturally and conceptually,
right? So we So that's part of the
challenge and opportunity space that
they
interest of organizations is changing so
rapidly and their knowledge or lack of
knowledge is changing changing changing
so rapidly due to AI. And of course data
security needs to protect AI or AI type
of usage is it needs to come along. So I
would say a lot of experimentation but
in big volumes, significant volumes.
>> What would you say was the thing that
made the Like was it the experimentation
worked and it was the volume that worked
and you just sent so many emails that
eventually you got a strong enough
signal that said, "Hey, it's this
segment resonates with this message and
it's this particular piece of the
product." And like that was the through
line and you just kind of brute forced
it or I I find a lot of people say
outbound doesn't work these days which I
disagree with. I think they're just
doing it wrong and so I'm curious what
do you think what do you attribute your
success to? Was it the testing or was it
something more like people just needed
what you're doing?
>> Yeah, I would say that the
it changes, right? At the end of the day
when you're trying to get attention of
early adopters, the
early adopters know that they are early
adopters. You don't know that, right? If
you don't know them. So my point early
adopters react very very differently
than people that are you know, the early
majority in terminology of
crossing the chasm. You can use more
modern tech analogies but they are very
very different, right? And a lot of the
early adopters are
are
are looking to learn about new stuff.
They want to influence new stuff. So
they enjoy the benefit of basically
being sponsored to a company and being
part of their friends family even if
they never met you before.
Uh they are because they are also
curious about the domain. So it's a very
specific type of persona that you just
can't tell that, you know, by not
knowing the people and that's why you
need to, you know, contact a lot, right?
In general, right, it would be very,
very few percent in any segment that
would consider themselves as early
adopters at large and you cannot get to
all of them. So, that's why it requires
a lot of touch point and not try to sell
too early when the market is not mature
to that. In a sense, understand it do
whoever is going to respond is going to
be the early adopter. That is it just
wouldn't It's just too early. Too early
in terms of
your brand, too early in terms of your
lack of readiness because you are
telling them because you are still in
stealth, so to say,
it's not for me because I'm not an early
adopter. I don't have time for that,
right? So, you just understand your
audience and understand the personality
you are targeting and just assume that
they because there are few of them,
right, few percent of the total
population whatever it might be, you
just need to contact a lot of them and
or to use your network on top of that.
>> I mean, I think it's a both-end
situation that both cold, you know, pure
cold is a channel that will work as long
as you give it enough time and attention
and do it in an intelligent way and work
in your network is is going to work
assuming you have more than one person
in your network.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah, it's me, myself, and I are going
to hustle our network.
>> Exactly.
>> Describe the moment when you realized
you might have product-market fit.
>> Um I would say that that same that start
to see when when you start to close the
first deals and you see why really the
customers, why they really buy. And
again, by the way, there are different
segments of customers and the reason,
the why might be different to different
segments, right? Depends on the product.
Think about it when you somebody when
Microsoft is selling Excel, there's the
very, very different why if you are
financial analyst versus someone
completely different, right? Same tool.
>> Mhm.
>> And for us, right, we knew from day one
that we are building a a data security
platform. We're not building it to and
for very specific attack vector, nothing
bad in that, but that's not what we what
we are doing because part of what we
believed that AI is going to touch data
in so many different ways and again, one
of the I would say second chronic
disease in the space, maybe in general
in cyber, not just data security, if you
want to solve one problem, you need to
solve many different tools. Which is
kind of unattainable, right? You know,
budget-wise, not attention-wise, etc.
And it's true for the data data security
space as well. But beyond that, we
believe that AI is going to touch data
in so many different ways. Input from
the user, output to the user,
third-party system, reading data
repositories. Now, talking to MCB
servers, right? So, it's kind of like a
four-directional type of communication
of data
that we want to provide a solution again
to deal with all of that. So, do we
actually really provide a real platform
that can cover all of those directions
of communication for data in rest, at
rest, in use, in transit in one in one
swoop. So, you can imagine that once you
have that, actually there you can do a
lot with it, maybe too much. So, to find
right what is the right circumstance,
why customers would buy, why us. What is
it would say the first time you say,
"Ah, it's maybe early signs." But now we
understand that we can find a lot of
more like that because we know what to
say, where we are positioned such that
we can have a very unique value
proposition compared to other to
compared to incumbents, and compared to
maybe a more traditional but bigger data
security players or other startups as
well.
>> Interesting. And so, to you, it started
to feel more repeatable, more like you
were the product market fit was
strengthening when you were able to
understand why customers really bought
and then understood understand what was
really driving the sale in in terms
>> Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, so it's almost
understanding, right? You always have a
thesis when you're building a product of
how you're going to win, right?
>> Mhm.
>> You think, you know, we have different
technology, better pricing, better
integration, better whatever, better UX,
all of the above. But then when you see
this thesis, and of course it takes it
moves along the way, right? But when you
see the thesis come to fruition and say,
"No, that's why we won. That's how we
designed it. That's what the customers
appreciated. That's what other vendors
could not provide, and that's why we
were selected at the end." And when you
see that few times already with the same
type of let's say thesis of the
capabilities is very broad differentiate
tools and accepted by the customers. You
know, we're seeing something here that
we can repeat.
>> The how different was your thesis coming
into it versus what you landed on when
you felt that moment of like, "Oh, I get
what they are they're wanting to buy."
Was it apples to apples or was there
something surprising in in what they
actually wanted?
>> So, I would say what I'm saying now it's
it's not a surprising, but it was a
major evolution, right? So, it was
working for us from day one that we want
to provide this market channel approach,
right? Dealing with the same platform
with different communication channels
and data source. Again, because of the
benefit for the customer, right? To
consolidate the different data kind of
solution for different attack vectors in
one platform that can do much better job
uh than kind of six, seven different
tools. I think that what wasn't clear to
us and not clear to us the clear to the
market even or interaction with the
market is what's going to be the let's
call it winning type of use case. They
really winning not in terms of
differentiation, but really in terms of
high quality use case for the customer
saying, "You know, I'm going to now
select a new vendor, startup that I'm
going to solve the problem for." And
that's I would say that was the most
confusing element because primarily
because the market is changing so fast.
>> Mhm. But so, when we ask priorities for
customers about you know, when we
started in '24, these are not the
priorities of today. I can tell you
that.
>> Obviously, but they were not even '25.
So, the point is that the priorities
changed. We knew they're going to
change, but it was sometimes tough to
predict how fast and to what direction
exactly it will. That's one of the
reasons why we decided from day one to
build more as a data security platform
for different use cases as opposed to
bet on a single use case type of use
because we knew that there's a very good
chance that we're going to miss in the
bet because the market is moving so
fast.
>> If you try to chase the wave, you're
always going to be reinventing and
reinventing versus
>> Exactly. So, so basically what we said
was let's let's focus on the core. Let's
develop the right platform such it's
very easy for us to to not adapt the
platform, but to create a to be able to
let's say take the same platform, same
concept, same technology, and just apply
it to another communication channel. So,
I'll give an example. For example, data
in use. So, data in use going to helping
an agent to understand what the data
they're exposed to create, share,
resurface is let's say consistent with
the corporate policy for how to handle
data.
>> Right.
>> This is a use case. Probably we imagined
it 2 years ago, but you know, there was
no demand for that cuz the customer
didn't know that they're going to get
two agents, etc. For us, because we
built a platform a ahead of time in a
way that's going to be very easy for us
to apply to different information flows
was actually very very simple in a
matter of one short release to be able
to support data in use for a for agents
reasoning loop because we built a
platform to to do that. So, the point is
we could not guess everything. We knew
we are not going to be able to guess
everything and do all but right on every
use case and the definitely timing. So,
we said, "Okay, part of the way to hedge
it, not only to provide a better
solution for the customer, but part of
the hedging strategy, let's make sure
that we have such a robust platform that
it's easy easy for us to apply it to
different these information chain
different information systems and
channels as they evolve as opposed to
try to guess ahead of time when exactly
each one of them will come around." Make
sense?
>> Yeah, it's like throwing darts at a
dartboard that isn't quite there yet.
You you're not It's going to be
impossible to kind of hit a bull's-eye
if you can't see you exactly where it's
going to go.
>> Exactly. So, let's plan for it ahead of
time as opposed to be surprised we kind
of we threw a dart and it didn't hit the
target, right?
>> Mhm. Yeah, so in this case you built one
big dart and you're like, "We'll throw
it in that general direction and it'll
hit something."
>> When you know,
I wouldn't say it's the
I wouldn't say calling it that way, but
we knew the target is there, right? But
there was a lot of frankly confusing
signs, dark, missing lights, etc. and
you don't see the target well, but you
know it's there.
>> Yeah.
>> And the And instead of betting, let's
create something can hit the target as
opposed to try to bet with a very narrow
dot and hope that it will hit the target
in the right place at the right time.
>> Were there any customer requirements or
uh priorities that surprised you when
you were developing the the platform,
doing your research, you know, going
through the interviews?
>> Um probably not.
I would say could be surprising. I think
that was actually one of the areas where
I thought it was relatively easy to see
the scope of what's possible, what's
needed relatively early on. I think what
what was surprising maybe to me that
some of the use cases that we thought
are not solved well at all by
existing technologies. And the customers
or prospects or design partners
highlighted it, still was not always the
real good enough reason for them to
actually make the replacement, okay, or
to say, "You know what? We need They
know it's not good enough, but it wasn't
always not good enough in a way that
justifies the putting different solution
in place in a sense." So, there was
always kind of like
acceptance of let's say some of the
things that are not working well, but it
is what it is. What it is. Let's not
focus on it. On the other hand, we're
definitely seeing a lot of interest
right to focus on all of the net new
AI-driven challenges, which makes a lot
of sense. That's why we exist.
>> It's tricky selling into apathy, where
you know you've got a better solution,
but they've already got something in and
they're like, "Listen, we've already got
8,000 errors a day or notifications and
another one."
>> Exactly. We don't want another one. And
And you're probably saying, "No, you
shouldn't have 8,000. You should have
12, and you should put a lot of time and
effort into those." But they're like,
"No, no, I'm sorry. We already have
8,000. We can't handle 8,000 and 12."
>> Exactly.
>> How do you get around that? Is that just
saying, "Okay, coming to terms with All
right, we have this incumbent. We feel
like they've won this segment, even
though we know they their product is
inferior, customers aren't getting value
out of it, we just ignore that segment
for now and we focus on the net new
stuff where the people are trying to
pull us in and then maybe we can expand
into the their territory once we land
the account.
>> Yeah, great question. So, I think that's
where it comes to ICP and I think that
the ICP in a very surgical way, right?
And I think part of what we found is
that over the last year is that they're
actually without getting to many
technical details, etc. that actually
three [snorts] or four prototypes, let's
call it that way, of ICP where we can be
uniquely strong. Not just uniquely
strong in theory that because we know we
have they can win the arm wrestling,
strong in a way that we are selling the
solution where one it's a must-have to
buy. Second, we have significant
competitive edge. Third, there's a big
white space that is not served or under
served with existing vendors. So,
somebody basically say, "No, these
segments will buy us." They buy us
because we provide a solution much more
cost-effective, works great, no good
alternative, no strong incumbent. And
apparently, when you have enough
interaction with the market, you can
find them and we found three of them and
that's where we're focusing knowing that
there's always going to be in the future
the opportunity, potentially, right? To
maybe do a displacement campaign as we
grow, there's more trust, do it later.
What we want to focus now on buyers that
have significant challenges, they have
realized it and they just don't have
good alternatives for again different
reason, we can get to the details in our
specific domain, but that's what we're
looking for and I think we found few of
those patterns and what we're working
now is to find more systematically
pipeline, right?
New customer, new prospects that fit
that type of patterns.
>> Interesting. So, that was leading right
into my next question of, you know, it
sounds like you started outbound in the
early days. I imagine you've got a few
sales folks, some marketing folks on the
team. You've got these new segments.
What comes next for Bonfire? Bonfire,
yeah, Bonfire, sorry.
>> No, no issue. So, with what comes next,
it's basically, I would say, proving
this product market fit in slightly
bigger scale, right? So, to make sure
that those let's say the early signs and
the early customers can are the
prototype for the next ones behind them.
Let's call it that way, etc. to refine
it. And they as we do it for probably
another two or three quarters, is then
it starts scaling much more
significantly.
>> Got you. From a going multi-market,
multi-product, how do you think about
that? You know, versus, you know, we've
got you've got this thing that customers
are pulling you in for, right? They're
excited about the AI piece, and you know
you have these big incumbents that you
can do a better job for.
Because is that something you guys are
eye on now, down the road, or is that
years down the road in terms of how
you're thinking about going
multi-product?
>> So, as I as I said earlier, right? Our
platform already does a lot, more than
typically it will do for a very early
stage so start up. So, it does a lot,
supports a lot of use cases, a lot of
ecosystem. So, from my perspective, a
lot of the innovation, which of course
we continue to do forever, the main
focus not let's say now another use
case, it's more about one making sure it
works really well in customer
environments. There are if if you're
looking on the ICPs of the segments that
we decided to focus on currently, there
are thousands of enterprise we can sell
there. So, it's not the kind of like we
found 20 we can be good at, let's win
three of them or five, and then go to
the next one. It got thousands
that we can hit with the current value
proposition and the unique capabilities
we have and we bring to the table for
them. So, we're not in a hurry to get to
let's say additional pockets of the
market. I think it will come very
naturally as we mature, the market
demand will mature. Some of those
older players have kind of big kind of
enterprise penetration, that a lot of
those enterprise will be probably next
year or two or three in a cycle of big
refresh cycle, which would be very
natural uh for us to get into. So, the
point is that they were not in a hurry
to invent yet another feature and to
find kind of few more buyers, not
because it's not legit, It's just not
needed in our space. I would say we are
very feature use case rich already as a
platform.
Relatively mature [clears throat] for
age, and now I would say it's more to
have the repeatability in the one or two
ICPs we're selling to see showing
repeatability, grow as fast as we can
once we see that and put the more
resource on that, and then you can kind
of explore additional ICPs regardless if
it's the displacement of all the old
solutions or or any other type type of
strategy.
>> I love the focus. I I find it so easy to
get to, all right, we've got one. Now,
let's go wide. And now we'll build every
single feature, every single platform,
every single element of the, you know,
that we heard in the customer
development interviews, and then you end
up with this huge kind of dinner plate
of, you know, everything. You went to
the buffet and you just grabbed
everything, and there's no rhyme or
reason to, you know, why is this here
and why is that there? I love the
element of focus. Is this something that
came from, like a learning that came
from your your first company, like when
you were working on Sky box?
And, you know, or is this just naturally
the right move and so logically it makes
sense?
>> Well, or everyone thinks a lot from
their experience, and of course I have
similar with it from Sky box. I would
say that it's not that we were, I mean,
we were focused there. I think the
difference, right, that is we start Sky
box selling primarily to very large
enterprises always. And when you started
with very large enterprise, you have a
long list of requirements in a lot of
deals. Right, so you end up with a very
long tail of capabilities that are great
for those enterprises you sold to, but
creates a big technical debt, right? Or
they It's almost too big, right? Too
tough to test, two one-offs. Even in
theory, they apply to every customer on
earth, they are very specific to one
customer or five customers that they
that kind of this very specific
situation. So, I would say it's not that
we are we are designing and design
Bonefide to be enterprise grade from day
one. But I think what we are trying to
focus on is the set of use cases, which
again, as I said, we have quite a lot.
It's not that we start very narrow. We
started relatively wide. But the focus
on use case we we think, based on what
we've seen in the interaction with the
market, that there's a lot of there's
going to be a lot of repeatable type of
demand for that. A lot. A lot means
thousands of enterprises. Now, it
doesn't mean that we're not going to be
opportunistic here and there. Doesn't
mean that we're not going to have
mistakes here and there. Things that we
think are applicable to a lot and then
you find yourself only one or two
customers adopt. I'm sure that we'll
have those type of
mistakes as well. But I would But I
would say that they think what what I
found in data security, that in general,
the level of use of the old solutions is
not high, as I said. There's a big
spending, relatively little use of those
solutions. So,
we are intentionally not trying to do
everything the old solution did and now
do more. It's more like it's the blue
ocean strategy, right? You want to drop
things, say no. If someone wants to buy
some very, very complex features and
outdated ones, go ahead, buy it from a
different vendor. You want to have a
similar solution which is accurate, easy
to use, scalable with your AI
challenges, that's what we're doing. So,
basically, not trying to do everything
for everyone, definitely not trying to
repeat every of the old generation
capabilities, just add another layer.
Say no. We all learned from the old
generation what's good and what's not.
Let's not try to replicate again
replicate again with new code base what
is not useful. Let's focus on the new
new which is useful. And again, it's a
lot of the daily decision making. In one
day, you know, we can tell if it all
made sense or not, but that's our
approach.
>> It seems like the pace of startups has
accelerated. The pace of, you know,
competing against build it yourself.
You've got
work with a number of startups where,
you know, they're working on something
and it was, you know, the value prop was
a little bit thin pre maybe pre AI or
like early AI and now, you know, you go
up against a internal competitor with an
engineer who's like, "Oh, I can build
that myself in in 3 days or in a month
or in a week." And so, I'm curious, you
know, I don't imagine this is happening
as much in the cybersecurity space, but
I'm curious, is this something you're
seeing? And then, is this something you
think is going to be more or less
prevalent as AI continues to get better?
>> Yeah. So, first of all, I think it does
impact the cybersecurity space, right?
We know about metas and the everyone
looking at the code scanning and
vulnerability management, incident
response. There are a lot of areas where
at least some organizations believe they
can do a lot without, let's call it the
a commercially available tool, etc. I
think in the data security space, not
the only one, there are a lot of space
in in the cyberspace doing data
security, which I would say is very
unlikely going to be driven by or
affected negatively by adoption. I think
it's going to be primarily a net
positive. Main reason for that is the
missions are very different. Think
about, let's say, in automated Think
about, let's say, we are
to make sure the data access to your
SharePoint, Google Drive is secure,
there's an enforcement layer. The amount
of access that's happening is huge. You
try to use kind of like some smartly
smart document frontier model for every
time you just want to analyze what agent
may do or may not do, this will go
bankrupt very, very quickly. You want to
look, let's say, inspect that with,
let's say, big LLM every email doing
this and sending, every file was created
over the last 20 years. It's just not
scalable. It's not not economic, not
scalable, and not needed. So, there's a
lot of algorithmic work beyond, of
course, the heavy use of AI to we do
make it efficient, accurate, broad
coverage, a lot. I would say that there
are definitely our space. I think that
I'm not saying data security at large,
what we do at Bonfire, they I'm not
concerned a lot, we're a net beneficiary
of we and our customers indirectly,
right? Net beneficiary of AI get
>> I love it. I I really appreciate you
coming on the show today. I feel like I
could have kept you for another hour
here, but I
we got a we got a timetable we got to
stick to.
>> If people want to learn more about
Bonfire, what's the best place for them
to go take a look?
>> I would say the best is to go to
bonfire.ai, our website. I think it's
pretty rich with content, direction,
etc. So, go go at it. If you want to
talk to us, fill a form or apply to I
mean, write in the chat, and we'll be
happy to talk with anyone.
>> Again, thank you so much for coming on
the show.
>> Bye. Thanks for having me. Thank you.
>> Thank you. And thanks to everybody for
listening. We'll catch you all next
time.
