Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "FuIA88bbedI",
  "title": "From Business to Writing | Predictable Revenue Founder Tips",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuIA88bbedI",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 112,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
So, my first book
which was then
parlayed into my second book was really
where the journey started.
So, I sold the the one of I sold a large
business that I owned around 2018. Way
too young to retire. So, now I'm going
to I'm going to you know, write a book.
Uh
I originally began with you Colin. I
didn't know I was really writing a book.
I just started writing. And it was just
like sort of like a therapy thing for me
cuz I had a little sense of like I was
lost. Like I didn't wasn't lost but I
just didn't have like a you know, like
Like before I you know, I had the
business and I you know, I was running
it. I was building it and I was all
encompass within it. And now I don't
necessarily have a a business mission in
my life. I've got personal missions and
you know, and and and and relationship
missions and all that. But I didn't have
a business mission. So, I just started
writing everything that I learned over
the first I don't know, 15 or so years.
And I thought I was writing a bunch of
ebooks and then about 3 months into that
I recognized like wow, I have a lot more
to say.
And you know, and and I think I'm
writing a book. So, 13 months it took me
to write the first book. Every single
day. I did not take off Christmas. Did
not take off Thanksgiving. Did not take
off my birthday. And some people are
listening at like oh, that's crazy. Why
you got to enjoy yourself? I was like
yeah, but I only worked 15 minutes on
Christmas. All right? But one of the
things that I've discovered in business
is that I don't need to jump the valley
to be able to get from one side to the
other. I just need to take a step and
maybe I need to go you know, down the
valley and back up the other side. But
if I take every a step every single day,
I'm going to be able to get where I need
to go. Right? And and if I try to you
know, Evil Knievel across the across the
Grand Canyon, I'm going to probably
crash. Okay? And so, it's just
understanding that as well.
>> Well, and I think part of taking a part
of writing a book is like pushing a wet
noodle up a hill, you know, until you
start to find some of the early shape to
it. Then if you're just kind of you're
you need to consistently at least I did.
I needed to consistently apply pressure
to the problem to kind of find out what
was working and what wasn't working. Uh
>> Well, here's what I did though. When I
wrote my first book, and this is really
unusual for me because in business, I
always study before I implement. Always.
Well, almost always. I didn't I did not
do that for my first book.
After I wrote my first book,
then I've sold around 10,000 or so
copies of Real Estate Evolution. Like it
was good, but it didn't make the impact.
It didn't get to the million people,
right? Where I am right now with Teach
to Sell. So, after I wrote the first
book, then amazingly enough, I decided
to start
studying how to how to write.
How to become an author. And I read, you
know, books like Stephen King's on
writing. I wrote
wrote read books like Steven
Pressfield's
Nobody Wants to Read Your [ __ ] you
know, and I read it was great, you know,
and I and I studied and I I
I reintroduced myself to the hero's
journey. I reintroduced to my myself to
certain writing methods that I could be
able to to to use. So, that I could take
and really simplify the message so that
it's easy to understand. And I ended up
using the hero's story as I wrote the
book so that it's entertaining, it's
engaging, and you know, and every single
chapter goes through a struggle of the
the main character. Well, the main
character in the in the in the book is
actually the reader. They are the hero.
The guide of the book is the book or
myself as the author, and the villain in
the book is not good enough because we
all believe in some sort of sense that
there's something that's not good enough
about us, about our processes, about our
website, about our sales, you know,
about our knowledge, or worse of all,
maybe even about ourselves. And that not
good enough is what keeps us from being
able to have consistent predictable
income.
