Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Collin Stewart",
  "channel_name": "Predictable Revenue",
  "video_id": "LYWpRQRgJAI",
  "title": "The Four Pillars of Sales Success | Predictable Revenue Sales Tips",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYWpRQRgJAI",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 93,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
And so historically, I have
you know been you know boots on the
ground and working with solopreneurs,
working with sales people, working with
founders, and working with people that
had a common problem.
And a common pain.
And the reality of it is is you know
many founders they focus on growth, they
focus on outbound activity. But the real
challenge is getting the prospects to
engage and to say yes without pushing or
selling.
>> Mhm.
>> And so that's really the foundation of
the CPI community community in the
way that we get there the technology is
through what we call teach to sell. And
we can you know dive into that a little
bit more as well.
>> Yeah, and I want to talk about like the
initial journey. Like who was your first
community member? Where did they come
from? Where did number two come from?
That kind of thing.
>> Yeah, they came from people who it's
really weird because
just in the industry like I it was
almost it wasn't necessarily a vision
originally.
Um until what I recognized was that my
own people that I led within my own
companies, what I wanted to do is I
wanted to be able to provide them with a
training that was so substantial, so
easy into follow, so simple.
And also a recipe that's going to create
that consistent predictable income. And
so what we've done is we've created the
four pillars that of of sales, of
business, you know, and and and put them
together in a community where people
have access to that and and and are able
to help each other, they're able to
network. Um and this is at our website
uh no brokemans.com is where people can
you know can check in check into it. And
my first community member was was
somebody who already worked for me. And
you know so once you know we put
together this training and my idea for
the training was I want to be able to
have a training that's worth tens of
thousands of dollars for my own people.
>> Mhm.
>> Because I felt as though if I could
provide them with that value and then
you know in the marketplace what we
found is it is worth tens of thousands
of dollars, right? Because it helps
people to see the pathway that, you
know, it it it helps people to
understand again how to get prospects to
engage, how to get people to say yes to
you, and and how to get that without
pushing or selling. And that's where my
first
I guess non-paying members. So, we maybe
had 100 or so non-paying members before
we opened it up and say, "Okay, well,
let's let's open this up into into
helping other people." And then that's
where the coaching company was born. So,
again, it wasn't necessarily it was
putting the tools and systems together
for me to succeed in my own businesses.
And then as I put them together,
realizing that we had something that
was, you know, that we could help you
know,
today I'm on a mission to help a million
people to be able to help them to sell
by teaching others how to think through
Teach to Sell, right? Like I'm on a
very, very clear mission. And again,
that was born just be like just finding
the fact that so many freaking so many
business owners struggle. So many
business owners take step back. And it
just sucks. And so, we opened up the
community to the general public a couple
years ago, and that's where we that's
where we started.
