Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Richard Harris",
  "channel_name": "Richard Harris",
  "video_id": "b9mtQvWITBI",
  "title": "Mastering Sales Discovery Skills - Surface Pains vs. Core Pains",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9mtQvWITBI",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 47,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
For the topic of this discussion, I want
to talk about surface pains and core
pains. So often when we talk to our
prospects or even our customers, they
often tell us that they have one pain,
but in reality they don't even realize
that's not the pain they're
experiencing. That's just a surface
pain. So for this session, I want you to
think about the Earth. Think about your
eighth grade science class, right? We
learned about the four layers of the
Earth. We learned about the crust, the
mantle, the outer core, and the inner
core. Well, the inner core is where all
the hot stuff is, and that's what we're
trying to get to. We're trying to get to
the hot stuff of the prospect.
So what that really looks like and
sounds like is that imagine at the
crust, that's a what pain? What pain
does someone have? Why are they talking
to us today? Just at that surface level.
Oftentimes I'll ask my prospect, "What
made you want to talk to us today?" And
no matter what they say, I'll respond
with the next question.
"Can you tell me a little bit more about
what that means? I hear that a lot." I
want them to explain their pain from
their perspective, not just assume that
I know what it is. After that, I'll turn
around and ask a question like this,
"Now, why are we trying to solve that
pain?"
And from there, I'll even say, "So if we
solve this pain, how's that going to
impact you? And more importantly, what
do you think the economic impact is of
solving that pain today?" So there you
have it. That's how you want to start to
do better discovery. We want to focus on
understanding the difference between the
surface pain, which is what they tell us
in the beginning, versus the core pain
that they're actually feeling when we
ask them a few more questions.
