Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Sam McKenna",
  "channel_name": "Samantha McKenna - #samsales",
  "video_id": "y5mzgEjY9TA",
  "title": "LinkedIn Sales Navigator Webinar Replay: 3 Searches That Fill Your Pipeline Fast",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5mzgEjY9TA",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 1641,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Welcome everybody. I'm Sam McKenna and
the CEO of #samsales consulting. If you
don't already follow me on LinkedIn,
please come say hello and I'm sorry
because I do post quite a bit of
content. Some of it's fun, some of it's
light, but hopefully all actionable and
helpful. I am also joined by Paige
Chills who is our VP of marketing. We're
going to go through quite a bit of
content. If you are brand new to us,
just a couple of things. Yes, I do talk
this quickly. I try to pack as much
information as I possibly can into our
session. It is recorded. You will get
the recording afterwards, so bear with
us. Two, who are we? We are a sales
consulting organization and we work on a
couple of different things. How do you
use Sales Navigator? You came for it.
How to stand out in executive inboxes
with Show Me You Know Me right here
framed on the wall. We also believe in
urgency. There's two things we've got
going on for us. But, how do you stand
out in executive inboxes? How do you get
your emails opened? How do you get them
responded to? And then, how do you show
up in a really great way on discovery
calls? And finally, everything when it
comes to LinkedIn. From social selling
to building executive brands on the
platform. We do it all. So, if there's
something we can do to help you, please
give us a shout. But,
LinkedIn Sales Navigator is a passion of
mine. It is a product that I had the
great fortune to lead as a leader for
enterprise sales and have always been
really excited about it. So, I'm going
to talk to you guys about that today and
then we're going to roll into Q&A.
Before I do that, I will stop talking
for a brief second. I will pass it over
to Paige to give you guys some
housekeeping details. And then, we'll
launch right into it.
>> Thanks, Sam. Hi everyone. Thank you for
joining today. So, for any of you that
are new to our webinars, we do have the
Q&A activated. So, we want the chat to
be lively. Feel free to comment and join
in and add your point of view in the
chat. If you would like us to ask a
question in the Q&A, feel free to add
that into the Q&A section and I will add
it to our list. We did get
over 50 questions. Like, almost 100.
Almost 100 questions. Holy smokes, you
guys. We got a ton of questions. So, we
are definitely not going to run out. but
I think we'll probably tackle a lot of
those as Sam gives her presentation for
the first 20-ish minutes before we
launch into the Q&A. So, keep adding
those and keep getting involved, and
I'll try to get your question in at the
very end. Also, let us know in the Q&A
if you'd like to ask your question live
and we'll get you on, or I can ask your
question anonymously. So, that's about
it for housekeeping. Just a quick
update, we do have playbooks and video
series on demand and we're doing a
discount for all attendees today. The
code is sales now, and I'll put that in
the chat. But other than that, hope you
enjoy and feel free to DM me if you need
anything.
>> Thanks, Paige. All right, guys, we're
going to get into it. So, I'm going to
share my screen. You're going to see a
little bit of the back end of my own
Sales Navigator instance. So, I think a
few things, just a quick note on two on
level setting. What is Sales Navigator
first and foremost, and how is it
different than LinkedIn.com? Um, I think
one of the most beautiful parts about
this platform is that it really is
leveraging all of the data and
intelligence that you have from
LinkedIn.com, and it's custom curating
it for your book of business. So, a lot
of people think is this LinkedIn.com on
steroids? Do I need premium, or do I
need Navigator? And what I would tell
you is cancel premium, have Navigator.
Especially if you are an SDR, if you are
in sales, if you're an entrepreneur,
there is so much value in this platform.
I'm going to give you a little bit of
that today, and hopefully set you off on
the right track. But what it really does
is really thinks about the targets you
want to go after, the companies you're
wanting to try to target, and gives you
all of the data and intelligence in real
time based on what's happening on
LinkedIn.com. I also love that
LinkedIn.com is the ultimate source of
truth for where people are. When they
change jobs, they're quick to update it.
Sometimes they change jobs and they
don't quite update it on their LinkedIn
profile, but when they eventually do
land at a new place, they'll update it
pretty quickly. What they're posting
about, if they're hiring, what their
company is going through. There is so
much data. But I think what's awesome,
right? And when you think about
Navigator, the big question is where do
I start? And what's awesome is you don't
actually have to do that much to see
great success from this platform. So,
I'm going to give you a few of my
favorite searches. And to me, that's one
of the primary things that there's value
in LinkedIn Sales Nav. And the great
part is that this is really isolated to
LinkedIn Sales Navigator. Every other
organization is trying to scrape the
data that LinkedIn has, right? And you
actually have it right in Sales
Navigator and in real time. So, to me,
it is one of the tremendously amazing
tools that you need to have. You just
need to know how to use it to sell.
Couple of notes. When you pop into Nav,
and depending on how new you are, you
might not see any of this because you're
just getting started and you'll have to
fill your feed. But I just want to note
something really cool. In this feed
here, you've got tons of information.
It's about people, it's about companies,
et cetera. And this is built on what you
tell the platform you're interested in.
From the companies to the buyer
personas, et cetera. But what do we do
with this feed? How do we use it to our
advantage? Should I even spend time
here? The one place I would tell you to
spend time here is for what your leads
and the people that you have saved are
posting. Now, what do I mean by that?
Let me show you a quick note over here.
I'm going to pull up in this tab and I'm
going to look at one of the
pre-populated lead searches that
LinkedIn creates for me. You should all
have this and it's new executives at
saved accounts. It's an automatic list
that LinkedIn Sales Nav creates. I
haven't added any of these people here.
It's just putting into a list people
that they think I care.
But you have this cool little tab over
here that says 249 people posted in this
last in the last 30 days.
That may seem cool. What's tough about
it, when you pop over here, is it shows
you who posted, but you don't know what
they posted, if it was their own
content, organic thought leadership, API
driven, reposted from somebody. Just
company content you don't know. And the
way you know is by clicking one by one,
which is hyper-efficient. Hopefully you
can sense my sarcasm.
I say this because that's the cool
feature about your feed here. If you
instead pop over here,
click on your leads,
just click on this,
in one instance, you're going to see
it's not organized, it's just leads, so
it's not organized by territory, by
account, by prospects, but you can see
in one click who is actually posting,
what they're posting, and if it's worthy
of you engaging with. So, one of the
great things about LinkedIn is that you
can go in and you can look at your top
prospects, you can see if they're
posting content on LinkedIn, and then
you can go and engage. But this is one
super quick shortcut to see all of this
here, exactly who's posting, what
they're posting, scan real quick, decide
who you want to engage with, pop it open
in a new tab, add a thoughtful comment,
and you're off to the races in a pretty
efficient way on how to prospect. So,
that's cool thing number one.
Now, I want to show you three different
searches that I think you'll find value
in. And what I would say for any of you
leaders on the call, this is a great
thing to set your teams up with. Because
I think LinkedIn Sales Nav can be
overwhelming, there is so much that it
can do, but we need to start somewhere,
right? So, we have to start somewhere or
we can manage the option, we can manage
results and the activities that we're
running in here, we can get value, we
can get quick wins, and then we can say,
"Okay, that's off and running, now let's
stack and add to that, and really turn
this into a pipeline engine."
So, number one, I'm going to pop over
here.
I prepopulated a search for you, and how
I got here was simply by going to leads,
or I'll pop back over here so you can
see in the URL at the top you have lead
filters right here. If I click on that's
going to pull up all the search criteria
that I have here on the left, and this
is over 30 different search filters you
can use to just say, "Hey LinkedIn, tell
me people who do this, work here, have
this title, live here, have this amount
of experience, are in our workflows, in
my account list, in my CRM." The sky's
the limit, right? And that's probably
the overwhelming mark part two. So, how
do we use this effectively?
We use it this way first. So, this is
one of my primary searches that I always
set up as an AE, and then frankly as a
leader too, because one of the things
that I loved especially with being a
frontline leader is being able to help
my team monitor these search results and
then say, "Hey, did you see that this
person moved jobs? Did you see this
person got promoted? This person changed
divisions." That's part of my role too,
right? I'm here to coach, I'm here to
help, but I also want to scale the
things that I'm really good at, and one
of that is prospecting. So, here's what
I created a search that basically says,
"Tell me anyone who used to work for our
top clients in one particular vertical
and now work for the existing
prospective accounts that I have in my
book of business." So, if you look over
here, you'll see current company. What
I'm looking for is anyone that works at
these companies because they're in a
particular vertical and they're in my
book of business. Now, I'm going to talk
about how you can do this in a little
bit of a different way, too, but look at
this here and then for past company, I'm
looking for any logo that is an existing
client of my company. If I, let's say,
still work for LinkedIn, what I actually
don't care about is if I signed that
logo. I don't I doesn't matter to me. As
long as they're doing business with us
and in our line of business, I know that
they're probably happy, that they've had
successful experiences with us, let's
hope, right? But, I'm looking for anyone
that's left those logos and now
currently works in my prospective
clients.
Think about how I can use that. And if
you're a follower of Sam Sales and you
know show me you know me, this will be
familiar to you, but to me this is one
of the easiest ways that I can scale
personalization. And so, I look, let's
say, for somebody who used to work at
Honeywell, and now currently let's say
they're a VP of sales, they've left
Honeywell, they now work at 3M. We don't
do anything with 3M, we'd really like
to, right? And so, I can now reach out
and I can say 3M in my subject line plus
Honeywell plus hashtag Sam Sales or
LinkedIn or whatever it might be.
That person receiving that sees that and
says, "I know 3M, I know Honeywell, I've
absolutely no idea what Sam Sales is."
Or I know LinkedIn, but
what's the relevance here? And then
pique their curiosity and hopefully get
them to open up the email.
So, I'm looking for ways to create that
low-hanging fruit, to create that
relevance, and to say, "Hey, your
previous employer, maybe you had
exposure to us as an existing client,
had a great experience with us. You now
work for 3M, we would really love to
work with you. Can we find a time to
chat?" Now, don't say it like that,
right? We can refine that whole process,
and we'll actually talk about how we'll
do that when we talk about our workshop
coming up next month. But, this is an
easy way to find people who probably
have brand familiarity with you, might
have been a user of yours, might have
been an advocate for yours, might have
been part of the sales cycle with you.
And to track how those people leave your
existing logos and how they go into your
territory.
The cool part here, too, is you can
obviously segment down by buyer persona.
So, I just have sales here, and you're
going to see in the top right-hand
corner I have 169 people.
There are 169 people with a sales title,
which is all over the map in terms of
seniority,
but that have left their companies here
and now work in my existing territory.
The neat part is that you can change the
titles, you can change seniority, you
can change geography, you can narrow
this down, which is really helpful,
especially if you get super broad
results.
But, the best part here, you run this
search one time and you save it. So, hit
save search right here, hit this little
toggle, and all of a sudden the effort
that you put into the search is now
saved and you can go and track results.
Every time there's a job change, you can
capitalize on that. Speed to lead,
urgency, and then how do we write a
message to say
I know you only been there for 6
minutes, but would you like to take a
meeting with them to meet with you?
Again, don't say that. There's tons of
tips on my content of what to actually
say.
Last thing I'm going to say here, you
can also look at your workflows down
here. So, if you have an enterprise
agreement with LinkedIn Sales Navigator,
in here you can load your CRM, you can
have your account territory can be
directly in here, you can have workflows
that are set up. There's lots that you
can do here as well. So, keep that in
mind. And if the results are massive,
right? If you get 700 results and you're
like, "Where do I even begin?" I would
tell you focus on seniority, but I would
also look at this nifty little button
here, team link connections off, right?
And you're also going to see this
populate. It's not on my side cuz we
don't have team link enabled for our
small little company. We know everybody.
But here you also have team link
connections off and you can start to
prioritize who already are connected to
employees of your own company.
If you don't know what team link extend
is, team link team link extend is one of
my favorite features ever and it
basically allows employees within your
organization to all opt in to this to a
certain number and then you get to see
their network or who's connected to who
even if you're not connected to them.
For example, if our VP of product, let's
say for a business line that I'm never
touching, pops into that, I can see that
VP of product maybe is connected to a
CRO that I want to get in front of and I
can reach out to that VP of product
internally and say, "Hi, can you hook me
up with an introduction?" Again, very
tactfully, but lots and lots that you
can do here. So, search number one,
start here. Has previously worked for
our best companies, currently works in
my book of business. You can verticalize
this, you can not depending on how big
or small your book of business is, and
then go from there.
Cool. Second search. Let's talk about
this. So, this is also
I think they're all my favorite, so
you're going to get tired of me saying
that. But, what I'm also looking for in
this one is I want to know anybody
pretending as to work at LinkedIn. I
want to know anybody that has previously
worked for LinkedIn and now works in my
territory, works in my book of business,
right? And again, I can do that by
loading them all here in current
company, or I can do that by using the
workflows here and directly in my CRM,
my account lists, etc. and that kind of
activity.
What that's going to tell me is anybody
that previously worked for my company
that now works in my territory and
probably still has an invested stake in
working with us or making us successful.
If somebody just spent 13 years of their
career at your organization and just
left, they're probably in a senior role,
they probably have, depending on the
size of your organization, options,
equity, etc. They still want to see you
succeed and hopefully they've left on
good terms. So, by tracking that, you
have an awesome opportunity to see where
people are going. Now, there's two plays
that you can run your really quickly.
Number one, you're obviously going to
want to segment this down. So, if you
see in the top right-hand corner, we
have 54,000 results, which is a super
easy low number for me to go after.
Instead, segment this down. So, add your
book of business, add the buyer
personas, or you can just skip the buyer
personas and just do super senior
titles. Tell me anyone that's a CXO
somewhere that used to work for my
company. Tell me anyone that's an SVP
that used to work for my company. And
that list will be much smaller, right?
Then, go after them.
We didn't get a chance to connect while
you were here. I see you had an amazing
tenure at our organization. Obviously,
you're the CRO at XYZ company.
What could we do to find a path to talk
to you about how we can support you and
your organization? Super easy, but do
that with your results first, and then,
same thing as before,
hit save search, and then every single
time someone leaves your organization in
a senior role and goes into your
territory,
you'll get a notification about it.
When I was at LinkedIn, I obviously
don't I don't know anybody that works
there. I barely know 2% of the people
work there, let alone who's leaving and
where they're going. But if I set up the
search, I can track when people leave
the organization, and I can stay on top
of it. And gosh, if you're a frontline
leader doing that for a team of five or
six or seven direct reports, imagine the
lead flow. These are such easy things
that you can do to track low-hanging
fruit, people who know you really well,
who know your organization, and who
would probably be more apt to giving you
time or helping you find a path to the
right buyer.
Last thing, and then we're going to flip
it over to Q&A, and almost staying on
time, Paige. The other thing that I like
to look at is flipping this, and it's
for current company. So again, using
LinkedIn as the example, I'm going to
say, "Tell me anyone
who currently works for LinkedIn,
and tell me anyone who has a CXO or a VP
title." Now, LinkedIn's a pretty flat
organization, right? So I get 283 as my
results. I haven't done anything else in
terms of filtering for geography or
anything like that. I'm simply saying,
"Tell me who works here in a senior
role."
Now, I want to compare this to my
territory, and I want to add my
territory in. But the key here is I'm
not as concerned with the search results
here. What I'm concerned about is who
comes into the company next. So when I
hit save here, again, as usual, and I
save the search, let's say on Monday, I
get an alert, and it says a new SVP just
came in, a new VP, a new CXO just came
into the organization. I'm going to go
in, and here's my play with them.
I'm going to go in and find that person.
I'm going to send them a connection
request, and I'm going to say, "Welcome
to LinkedIn. I just saw you join the
organization. So excited to have you,
etc."
That person's going to say, "Oh my gosh,
that's so nice." And you're going to be
like, "Oh, you're welcome. You're
welcome. I have ulterior motives."
Once you're connected, pop over here,
connections app,
and type in that person's name.
You will then be able to track this
against your own territory. So, tell me
anyone that this person is a connected
to that's in my book of business. You
can do that on your own even without
this. So, let's say you want to do that
with somebody you already know.
I'm going to go here to connections app.
Let's say I type in Paige's name.
Over here, it's going to populate all of
her connections, and this number is
always a little funky, so don't trust
it. But now I've got 3,000 people, and I
can either go current company, my
territory, or down here with my
workflows against my CRM. Tell me anyone
that Paige might know that works in my
existing book of business. All of a
sudden, let's say I get three results.
Let's say I get 17. I'm going to
prioritize those again by seniority, and
I'm going to say, "Okay, Paige knows
three CROs. I can see some things here.
Maybe they share mutual connections.
They went to the same university. They
both worked at the same company before."
I'm going to look for these signals here
to tell me what the likelihood is that
she and that person know each other.
And then I'm going to go in for the
kill. So, I welcomed Paige to the
organization. She said, "Thank you,
that's so nice." And then I'm going to
circle back and say, "I happen to see
that you are connected to three people
that I would kill to get a meeting
with."
Give them the LinkedIn links, tell them
the name, the title, the company, and
then the linkedin.com, not the LinkedIn
Sales Navigator profile URLs,
linkedin.com.
Why you don't want to do the LinkedIn
Navigator URLs is because if they don't
have Navigator, which they probably
don't yet or at all, then they're not
going to be able to see who those people
are, and then you're going to be
frustrated cuz you're going to have to
run the exercise again. They're probably
going to be annoyed. So, make sure it's
linkedin.com.
And then say, I can give you some more
context of my efforts to get into this
account, what I've done, or even go
straight and email for you, but do you
happen to know these people well enough
and would you be willing to make an
introduction?
I love this play because what it lets
you do is frankly just show your
gumption and your go-getter-ness, right?
That person's going to be like, "Holy
smokes, you're the only person in the
entire organization, or maybe two or
three of you, that attended this
training, that did that. Wow. How smart
are you?"
The other thing is, people are going to
want to make as much positive impact as
they possibly can as quickly as they
can. And these executives are drinking
from the fire hose. I hate that saying,
right? But, drinking from the fire hose,
they're trying to figure out where the
bathroom is, who their teams are, trying
to build their cross-functional
relationships. But, when you come in and
you say, "Can you help me here?" they
can help you, they can make immediate
impact, they can probably impact
meetings, pipeline, revenue. And here's
the great part, they're going to talk
about you positively when you're not in
the room. So, if they run into your
leader, if they're in an executive
meeting, they're going to say, "Oh my
gosh, this was awesome. Met this person,
they reached out, that's incredible."
Now, imagine
you do that to and three and 19 buckets.
The visibility you're getting
internally, the way you're probably
setting yourself up with meetings, and
the cross-functional relationships that
you're building at the executive level,
holy bananas.
Okay, I'm going to stop talking for 2
seconds.
Hopefully that was helpful. Hopefully
some of that stuck and I didn't talk to
you quickly, but Paige, let's pop over
to all the Q&A that we've got teed up.
>> All right, let's go. First question is
coming from Tom. He's asking, "What are
two to three weekly actionable items you
would give to a newer sales rep that is
just getting started with social
selling?"
>> Oh, great question. So, a couple of
things. One, I would get your
organizational house in order, so to
speak. And I think this is just a great
piece of advice for anybody in sales,
anyone starting a new job. As you get
started or get a new territory or get
promoted, whatever that is, you have a
short window of time where you are in
the honeymoon period, right? Everybody
is not expecting results from you,
you're on ramp hopefully quota. Take
this time to really build your
organizational house in order. So, the
first thing that I would say is make
sure that you have a few of these
searches saved. The other thing that I
would say is just two quick things. One,
spend some time building lists of your
top prospects. So, if you go into Sales
Navigator and you go to an individual's
profile, you can hit save on them and
you can hit save into a big generic list
or you can hit save into curated lists
you have.
For example, I might do top 100
prospects and when I identify a CRO, SVP
of enablement, something like that where
I'm like, come hell or high water, I am
going to get a meeting with you this
year. I'm going to get a deal with you
next year, whatever it is. I'm going to
save them to our top prospects list. So,
build that list and the thing that I
would tell you is start to think about
how you can take two action items here.
Number one, look to see if they engage,
if they post content, and go engage with
them. Well, you're going to do something
called what's our spear fishing or
expand the sandbox play, but you're
going to go and engage twice in their
posts.
Engage, make a comment so you know the
date that you engaged, write something
thoughtful. Do that again.
And then send a connection request. You
can say something like, I keep seeing
your content. I keep coming across your
content.
Because I'm privately, quietly stalking
you. Don't say that part.
Keep coming across your content. I'd
love to see more of that, they're really
impactful. Just wanted to say hello.
Maybe that person accepts, maybe they
reply, maybe they say thank you,
whatever.
Leave it at that. There is no pitch
slapping to be done. That's with a P. No
pitch slapping whatsoever.
And then go and do that one or two more
times, and then you go in for the kill.
I love your content again. This really
resonated with me. By the way, I think
there are some tremendous ways that we
can support you at XYZ organization.
This is how we're helping CROs right
now. Very specific challenge, very
specific thing that you can solve. Do
not make it broad. Don't say, "Leading
organizations like yours are using sales
training companies like mine." Please do
not say that. Be really specific, and
then say, "Would you be up for a chat
over the next week or two?" So, this is
where we are going in to spearfish at
super senior titles, and we're earning
the right by engaging with their content
first if we can. So, that's one thing I
would say.
The other thing I would say is exactly
what I posted today on LinkedIn, and
it's called bubble hunting. So, for my
super senior titles, when I connect with
them, I try to use a different word than
I often use. And one of those words for
me is conversation. I usually am pretty
informal, and I'll say chat. But, so
let's say I'm trying to target a page,
right? It sounds I know spear fishing
counter like this is aggressive. Now,
I'm targeting her. But, for page, let's
say I would send her a connection
request. "I keep coming across your
content. I love it. If you're ever up
for a conversation about how Sam's sales
can help you, let me know."
Conversation.
Then, what I do is maybe at 8:00 at
night, or maybe at 2:00 on a Saturday, I
pop into my DMs really quick on
LinkedIn, and I go and I search for the
word conversation. And what that's going
to do is it's going to immediately
filter on This is on linkedin.com, not
on Navigator. Immediately filter who
I've sent that word to. Now, it's going
to give me some people that I've just
happened to say conversation to, right?
But, the bulk majority of those results
are going to be those top-tier people I
want to connect with.
And what I'm doing is I'm looking to see
if there's a tiny green bubble next to
their picture filled in. If you see a
white bubble, it might mean that they're
on the app.
But, if you see a green you see a green
bubble with white filled in, it may be
that they're on the app. But, if you see
a
fully filled-in bubble, it means that
they're on a desktop or a laptop and
that they're active. So this is your
chance to go and beat your beast and you
basically have them like on AOL AIM chat
on Slack and you know they're there and
it's a weekend. It's at night. They're
probably less distracted than they would
be right now. So this is when I send a
message, right? And I countless stories
where this worked, but I would send a
message and I would say something like,
"Hey, I recently saw your blog and loved
this piece about it. This reminds me of
exactly what we train our clients on. Uh
Let me know if you would ever want to
chat." That's right, elder millennial
Caroline, you're welcome. But think
about the way that you can use that when
they're less distracted. Think of it
like a conference floor, right? Are you
going to go and try to find them at 2:00
in the afternoon when it's like the
cheese and I don't know, cocktail break?
Maybe a little later. Or are you going
to try and wander the floor at 7:30 a.m.
Maybe when the runners are coming in,
when maybe when people are getting
breakfast, the early birds. Go and find
when they're less distracted. So there's
a couple things that I would do in terms
of social selling to also make it
organized in the way that you go after
it. It's not you just mindlessly
scrolling on linkedin.com.
>> Okay. Okay, so let's say you connect
with someone on from LinkedIn Sales
Navigator. This question comes in from
Sarah. What is the least cringey way to
start a conversation with the prospect
once you're connected?
>> Okay. The most cringey way, by the way,
the pitch slap for short. And you guys
have all seen it. We connect with
somebody and then they're they're
immediately like, "Thanks for
connecting.
We'd love to sell you something." And
you're like, "No kidding. Get out of
town."
I think the other thing to keep in mind
here, a super cringey to do, is when we
ask a question we're not entitled to the
answer to. So I get this all of the
time. Somebody will send a connection
and they're like, "Oh my gosh, love your
content." And I'm like, I connect,
right? And then they'll say, "Hey Sam,
what are you most excited about working
on for Sam Sales for the rest of the
year?" And I'm like,
"Can't wait to tell her a complete
stranger that obviously has an ulterior
motive about what they want for me, what
I'm most excited about for our company."
Also, if you and 16 other people are
asking that,
not going to take the time to write it.
And neither are your buyers. So, that
just sets you up in the wrong way.
Here's the least cringey way to do it.
And I'll tell you two separate things.
Number one,
think of how your connection requests
read, whether you're doing them through
LinkedIn Sales Navigator, through
InMails, and I can talk to you about
that, or directly through linkedin.com,
which I would advocate that's what you
do there. When you do that, set this up
as the fourth touch of your sequence or
your cadence. Quick plug, but we're
partners to SalesLoft, and we've also
SalesLoft has a licensed RIP for how to
write the perfect cadence in our humble
opinion. The course is free online. If
you just Google my name plus SalesLoft
cadence, you'll find that. Number two,
think if you've got your SalesLoft
cadence running, right? Number one,
we've got number our first email that
goes out. You should usually send that
on a Thursday or a Friday. Number two,
about 48 hours after that, 44 hours,
Saturday or a Sunday. I can answer that
question, too. The third touch point,
Wednesday. Fourth touch point, your
LinkedIn connection request. And here's
what I would say. First of all, always
send context in your connection request.
There is so much advice that says,
"Don't send context. Make sure it's a
volume game. Go."
What I would tell you is that if you
think about an executive's connection
request inbox, it is
filled to the gills with requests. If I
look at mine right now, I think I have
16 or 17 hundred requests that are
pending. Mostly because my chief of
staff, Katherine, is on a lovely
European vacation and hasn't been here
to help me manage it. But, that's
neither here nor there. If I look at
that, and if I want to go and look at
who I'm going to accept,
who am I going to accept first? The
person who made the effort and sent
context. So, do this. Send a little
connection request. Again, I'm going to
go with Paige, and I'm going to say,
"Paige,
my name might look familiar as I've sent
you a few emails. I would be so
grateful.
I wouldn't lie. I'd be grateful for the
chance to chat with you about how Sales
can support you at XYZ. If you're ever
up for a
conversation,
let me know and I'll find a time for us.
That's it.
I'm not going to aggressively follow up
from there, but that's the first thing
I'm going to send and then the next
thing I'm going to do is something of
value. So, I'm going to try and make
impact to her. I read your blog. I
listened to your webinar. I saw this. I
saw the successful campaign you talked
about on LinkedIn. I saw your company's
doing this. So, you're a sponsor of the
Masters. Who else is watching the
Masters while you also listen to me?
I'll wait. When you think about that,
you're standing out in a different way.
And so, think about that. The screengy
thing to do is going to be your fourth
touch and it's going to be with context.
The other thing I'd say is look at that
spear fishing piece, right? Make an
effort because everybody is vying for
everybody's time in the same way, right?
And you're going to be the one that
stands out. You're going to be the show
me, you know me-er. And let me give you
just a great example of this.
Our company's about to sign a deal for
about about this
if the CXO that we're working with gives
me permission. But, I saw this is a
company that I was looking at and trying
to get in with. I saw that this person
was interviewed in an article. He talked
about an $80 salad that he had ordered
once and so, I sent him a connection
request about an $80 salad and I was
like, "Oh my gosh, here's the most
ridiculous thing I've ever had to
expense for work because of travel woes
that got in the way." He talked about
his love of Cabernet. I was like,
"Here's my love of Pinot Noir. We should
exchange whatever." That was it.
No sales pitch.
1,800 or so person company, CXO,
probably gets hammered with outreach,
right? And here comes little Sam doing
something a little bit different. And
so, he responded and then
responded about one of the posts that I
made and asked a question about it. It's
I wore a chicken suit for for that's on
notified. And and notified, I wore a
chicken suit to their sales kickoff. And
he sent me the post, where I posted the
picture of me in the chicken suit. And
he was like, "Chicken suit?"
And I was like, "I can wear this to your
sales kickoff next year." End of close.
And here we are.
It's not that hard. You just have to
think about things in a different way,
and use these super strategic plays. So,
non-cringey ways, make an effort. What
do you talk to them about? How do you
spark a conversation? How do you stand
out? And just never, ever use, "Hope
this finds you well."
And I think that's about I think that's
about it.
Okay, on that same note of reaching out
and getting somebody to respond. So,
Maggie posted this in the Q&A. Maggie,
tell me if I'm right. I think this was
when Sam was talking about Team Lead
Extend. Maggie Maggie said, "If you
reach out to someone for an intro, and
they don't respond, what are your tips
for following up with them?"
Great question. So, if you're and
Maggie, let us know if this is I think
you mean this is internally, because
it's the Team Lead Extend piece. So,
here's what I would say. When you do
your internal
outreach to somebody that you don't
know, which is scary, by the way, right?
Especially if you guys are a BDR, and
I'm telling you to reach out to an SVP,
and you're like, "That's cute. That's
six ranks above me, and that's
terrifying." Work with your leader. Talk
to your leader and be like, "I want to
do this." Welcome, BDR. I see you. Talk
to your leader and be like, "This is
terrifying, but this person clearly
knows this person. What do I say? What
do I write? Can you proofread my stuff?"
Get some support. Great way to use your
leadership, right? But,
reach out, and here's what I would say.
In my old days, I got a lot of people
that reached out and said, "Sam, hey,
it's Bob. I see you know the
Listen, GM at Salesforce. Can you
introduce me?" And I'm like, "Who are
you, Bob?" So, you want to lead with
some context, and show your executive
presence, even if you're a BDR, and not
show your executive presence. So, I
would reach out, and I would say, "Hey,
Sam. I'm a BDR on XYZ's team. I recently
saw you join the organization. Welcome.
I also saw that you're connected to one
of the key titles that we've been trying
to get a meeting with very
unsuccessfully. I would love to ask for
your help if you happen to know them
well enough. I can also give you
contacts and I can also ghostwrite the
email for you if that would be helpful.
Would you be up for a chat about it?
Could I use your help? Could I ask for
your help? And I think too when you ask
for help in that way, people are so
excited to be of support and again
especially if they're new exec, they're
going to want to help. Now, let's say
they don't respond. I would first of all
give them some breathing room like a
week. I would reach out in a medium that
we know they're on. So, look at your
Slack or your Teams instance etc. And
then ping them again and say, "Hey Sam,
wonderfully follow up on my below note.
Absolutely no pressure. I know you're
probably extremely busy etc." That's the
one time we can say you're busy. Don't
say that to prospects. We're all busy.
But you can say that internally to your
execs. And then follow up that one time
and if they don't respond, let it go,
right? We also want to chase the people
that want to help us, right? We want to
chase the prospects that are interested
in talking to us. So, if we've also been
chasing them for 16 years and 900
emails, maybe give it a rest. Let's go
find somebody else. But that's what I
would do. Don't be too aggressive.
I'd say the same thing for referrals
just really quick. So, if if you have
existing contacts that are connected to
other people or you'd like to ask them
for help with referrals, "If you're
connected to so many people we'd like to
get in front of, would it be okay if I
looked in at your network further and
sent you a few names?" Ask them one
time, do a follow up and then drop it.
Now, there's no black and white on this,
but this is just me and kind of my
manners forward thinking, right? I don't
want to bully somebody into helping me.
And if I've asked twice and they don't
respond, I need to read the room and
find somebody else who's up for helping
me.
Okay. Thank you. Next one,
where are B2B sales reps finding the
most success with LinkedIn Sales
Navigator? This is from Elise.
Ooh, yeah. I think it it really is those
searches. So, the searches first and
foremost in our in our prospecting
playbooks, that's one of the playbooks
that Paige mentioned we have a discount
code on. There are 13, 14 different
searches and plays that you can run just
like what I talked about today of the
three. And then there are some really
awesome team exercises. I would say for
any of you who are also frontline
leaders, if you're still doing things
like cold calling blitzes and you are in
B2B sales and it's not as transactional,
I would say swap those cold calling
blitzes out for one of the players in
that playbook. You will find
unbelievable results, great camaraderie,
you can create a spiff around it.
But what I think is important is you're
just at the very starting point, you're
just leveraging LinkedIn Sales Nav for
the data, for those search results.
Because that's the beautiful part of
that is telling you who goes where, who
knows who, how they're changing
divisions, getting promoted, where
they're leaving. I would track that
first. And I would say the list
building, staying on top of bubble
hunting, all that's important, but what
I'd really love everybody to get out of
this call is to just lay the groundwork
of building the muscle of a few of these
searches to make impact so that you can
start to see build the excitement of
these search results. Build the
excitement of reaching out to somebody
and having them say,
"Yeah, I'd love a meeting." and you're
like, "Oh oh my god, it worked." and
you're like, "Holy crap, okay, maybe I'm
going to do this again, right?" Because
that's exactly what's going to happen. I
want you to build this muscle so that
you can then say, "Okay, what else can I
do here?" So, just start, even if you
just start with these three searches,
like it'll be so beneficial to you.
>> Okay, so I think you touched on this,
but I'll ask Eduardo this question, it
kind of relates to it. He sent, "Mass
email apps are ins- are instantly good
for data, instantly helps more with
deliverability, but should I use these
apps or should I go better with Sales
Navigator and send emails or LinkedIn
reach instead of using these apps.
So, I think he's saying he can send more
emails at one time if he does, but
shouldn't be going to LinkedIn Sales
Navigator.
>> Yeah, okay. So, a couple of notes,
right? When we're doing any of our
outbound prospecting part, we want to
think about multi-channels and we've got
our we've got email as a channel, we've
got LinkedIn as a channel, and we have
calls as a channel. I'm probably going
to ruffle some feathers in saying this
and for you long-timers, you already
know this, but I've never made a cold
call in my life. I think we can be
better than the cold call. I think when
you use email and you use your LinkedIn
channel and you pair those together to
do some show me or no me, you're not
going to need a cold call because you're
going to stand out in a completely
different way from every other rep
that's trying. I also think for those of
you who might be new into sales and
you're like,
"I really don't want to think about like
how I have to make 100 cold calls. I
It's just not me. It's not authentic to
me." Think about this that you can
succeed in just a different way here. I
just also don't think it's great
manners. So, that's just my personal
opinion, don't yell at me. But, here's
what I'm thinking in terms of what
you're asking. Number one, you do want
to use something to help automate your
outreach to a degree. If I were a brand
new AE sitting in a book of business
trying to figure out how I would go
about it, here's what I would do first.
So, one, I would think about how to
create a few cadences in a tool like
Salesloft and I would think about
verticalizing first and second building
two different cadences for my senior
buyer persona in that vertical and my
kind of mid-level buyer persona.
The place I would start is by emailing
my senior roles first. That's where I
would do my show me or no me. I'm
probably going to find more information
on them anyway. So, what I mean is
if I know I'm going to target pharma
sales and I have six pharma companies in
my book of business, I'm going to go
after this the CROs, the SVPs, whatever
titles matter to me first. I'm going to
prioritize that. And then I'm going to
use cadences that are specifically
written for that buyer persona in that
vertical. You want to be mindful of this
also because when you talk with the
value proposition, a value proposition
for a CRO is very different than a value
proposition for a VP of sales. They're
rated in different ways, they have
different priorities, different goals,
different metrics, all of that. So, you
want to make sure that your value
proposition is not what you do, it's
what you solve, and it's for those buyer
personas.
The place I would tell you to be careful
is do not do spray and pray, do not do
scaled and mailed outreach. If you write
a generic subject line and a generic
text, nothing about it is manual, your
emails will not get opened, and they
will not get responded to. Even if they
do get opened, the genericness of your
text will mean nobody is going to
respond to it. So, my my teach to you is
build email two and down to be that
scale specific for that buyer persona,
but email one should be manual. It
should be like you wrote that subject
line just for that buyer and that email
just for that buyer. You will not get
opened again if it's generic. So, write
a subject line Look at our show me you
know me content, it's all over our
website and our LinkedIn content and our
playbooks, but it's all over there. Look
at that for how to write it, and you
know your subject line will have
succeeded if it makes no sense to
anybody except the person that you wrote
it for.
Now, then I would tell you about how to
use LinkedIn, right? You The part that I
would say to be mindful of is not using
InMails. Anybody that's on LinkedIn is
probably giving me a hairy eyeball right
now. That's
InMails to me were a wonderful thing in
the past. Tremendous open rates,
tremendous response rates, but they
become synonymous with spam. So, when we
go in and use that as a channel, and we
might spray and pray and do the mass
communications via InMail to everybody,
what's happening then is again, we're
sounding just like everybody else, we're
making a pitch, and we're really
squandering our opportunity. So, in the
age of AI, use AI to make you
hyper-efficient finding information
about your buyers and how you can
connect with them and then bring in your
own mix and effort and intelligence and
brain and humor into writing something
that was just for them.
Hopefully that helps Eduardo.
>> Yes, and you already He had a second
question. I didn't ask it yet and you
already answered it.
>> That was perfect.
Anticipating the questions. I am for it.
>> Okay, we have 15 minutes. We're going to
try to get through some more as quickly
as you can. Next question from Marie. Is
it better to send a connection request
through regular LinkedIn or LinkedIn
Sales Navigator?
>> I would say LinkedIn linkedin.com. When
you send the connection request through
LinkedIn, it allows you to send that
through Navigator rather allows you to
send a an InMail and that's I think when
you get that that just visually in your
DMs when you get that InMail
notification prompt, you're like, if I
look at my InMails, they're 99% of them
are spam and they're anything under the
sun. So, I would be mindful just use
linkedin.com.
Send the connection request there and
then send your with context connection
request. The other thing to know, just
be aware of this if you are still using
InMails, if that's part of your
methodology, all of your InMail
responses, so your the DMs back will
come in Sales Navigator, not in
linkedin.com. Now, if you start the
dialogue, you'll eventually go back and
you'll have two basically messages with
your buyer and you might wonder why.
It's because one is representative of
the initial conversation in Navigator
and the second one is representative of
your back and forth chat linkedin.com.
But, be mindful of that because
sometimes people use it, the InMail
feature, they don't realize that there's
a separate inbox and they're like, "No
one's responding to me." And then we're
like, "Oh, there's another inbox over
here." And they're like, "Oh my god,
there's 17 replies
that I haven't responded to." And we're
like, "That is great." So, just keep
that in mind, but
go linkedin.com. Stand out in a
different way than everybody else and
just build your mini CRM there for
yourself for the long haul. The other
cool I'll just maybe mention I like two
things I'm going to mention about why we
want to send contacts.
Number one,
when you send contacts, this is also
your own mini CRM for the rest of your
sales career. How you know this person
and why you connected with them. And
then when the person responds and
accepts because your message is there,
the date and a timestamp is also there.
So you will forever remember that it was
Thursday, March 23rd, 2024 when you guys
connected. Now, some of you guys might
argue and be like,
"Well, when they accept, I can also send
them a message and they'll do the exact
same thing." Nonsense. Okay, what are
you going to say when they accept? And I
think that's the kicker, right? Because
if they accept, whatever you're going to
say there,
why don't you just say it in the first
place, right? Because they're also going
to think when you write them something
long after they accept that it's a pitch
slot. And then they're probably not
going to be that excited about you
anyway.
I have something to note on that, but I
don't want to curtail. Questions, go for
it, Paige.
Okay, next one. We have so many ways to
reach our prospects. DM, LinkedIn
message, call, email, passenger pigeon,
et cetera. Thank This is from Garrett.
At which how and where does LinkedIn fit
into the cadence? I think it is part
I want to just note one thing. You might
have an objection as we talk about this
that your buyers either aren't on
LinkedIn or they don't post on LinkedIn.
That doesn't mean that they're not on
LinkedIn. So keep in mind they probably
have a profile. If you're here, I
suspect your buyers are on LinkedIn. But
they probably have a profile, they
probably log on and read, and they
probably look at their DMs and their
connection requests at some point,
right? So
keep that in mind. This is a
communications channel. It doesn't
necessarily mean that they have to be
content creator that posts 16 times a
day. So when you think about this, where
does LinkedIn fit in? This is an
additional communications channel. And
to me, if you can also get your buyers
on text, which I'll talk about in a
second, you now have three things.
You've got email, you've got your DMs on
LinkedIn. And like four things. You've
got the comments on LinkedIn that you
can tag your buyers in, and then you've
got text message. So, here's two ways
that I use that. There's something to me
that's a little less formal about
LinkedIn DM, right? It's buddy-buddy. We
can have little chats. We can send
something. It's like I feel like even
sometimes when I move to LinkedIn, I'm
like, "Hello Paige, good afternoon. How
are you?" And then on Paige, I'm like,
"What's up?" Just kidding. Just kidding.
But, it's a little less formal. And so,
I think one of the cool things is that
you just use that as a channel to
convey something differently. You might
be like, "Oh my gosh, I just saw this
post. Thought of you. It would be really
helpful. Hope it helps." And now you're
you're in their brain. So, maybe you
sent them an email 3 days ago.
Then you send them this DM that's
helpful.
Maybe in a couple of days you tag them
in a post or you tag them in a comment
of something on LinkedIn. Maybe a few
days later, you say, "Here's something
helpful. I know your proposal review is
coming up. Here's something helpful."
You are staying on their mind without
hopefully being annoying.
The other thing is when you've got that
DM going, think about how you can also
tag them into comments on posts on
LinkedIn. So, I'll do that for myself.
First of all, sometimes I write a post
just for one buyer. Not for you guys,
sorry. But just for one buyer in mind,
and like this would be really helpful to
them. So, I write the post
and then I send it to them and I'm like,
"Hey, I thought this would be really
helpful for your team. I just posted and
I thought of you. I was thinking of you
when I wrote it. Don't tell anyone."
Here's the post. Hope that's helpful.
And he's like, "Oh my gosh, that really
helps accelerate the sales cycle and
gives me more food for thought." I'm
like, "I know, that's why I wrote it
just for you." Just kidding.
So, think about that. But then you can
also think about that buyer and tag them
into something else, right? So, maybe I
write a post on something unrelated.
Maybe one of my pals follow comments
something on there and then I'm like,
"Ooh,
this would be perfect a perfect point
for this buyer." And I will tag them in,
right? I'll say this I'm There's a buyer
I'm working on named David that I've
tied a few times. I'm still working on
getting that deal over the line. But so
I might tag David, this is what we were
just talking about. This would be so
impactful to you guys. Love this.
But what? Sticking in his brain. Email,
DM, LinkedIn DM.
Just trying to make you think about Sam
as often as you can
in a non annoying way, if possible. So
that's where LinkedIn. But I think also
it's like all the back end strategy.
Those searches, those lists, the way
that you strategically stay on top of
people, the way you look and see what
they're posting, where they're moving.
And all that data is so helpful to you.
>> Okay, this one comes from Natalie. And
actually while you're answering this
one, Sam, for the attendees, I'm going
to launch a quick poll. Appreciate any
feedback that you have for us. Okay,
next one. Hot Natalie, how can I best
support and enable my reps who don't
have many connections or contacts due to
lack of professional experience?
>> This is great. Okay, so Natalie, a
couple great question first of all.
Couple of things. Your One of the best
things that you can do for them,
especially if they don't have a lot of
connections, I'm guessing that they're
probably early in their career or
they're just starting to figure this
out. I know this is so cliche, but your
net worth your network is your net
worth, right? It is so cliche. But I
think it's so important to help them
build that muscle, that creating these
connections is what's going to be able
to them for their long term. And as
leaders, we really need to It's we've
been entrusted with these little baby
ducklings, no matter what age they are,
to think about how to make them
successful. So one of the things you can
do is teach them to build their network
on LinkedIn because this will be around
for the long haul.
And I think the second thing is teaching
them the right way to connect with
people. What to send, at what point in
the sales cycle do we send it? Before
the meeting, after the meeting? Psst,
before the meeting. I wrote about that I
think last week, too. Before the
meeting, help them build that. And then
I think the last thing to know is that
even if they have 16 connections
for someone to get that to his 500 is
possible. Cuz I think we're probably all
in the same boat. You know when you go
on somebody's profile and it's like they
have 159 connections, you're like,
"Do you live in a cave? How are you not
connected to 500 plus people on
LinkedIn?" It's a little weird. So let's
make sure they get to that 500, which
they probably can do their friends and
neighbors and
employees, colleagues. But
even if they don't have the connections,
all the data lies in Navigator. So they
don't even need connections. It's not
about them.
It's about the job changes. It's about
who your executives know, your board
members know, who's changing logos. They
don't even need to basically have a
presence on LinkedIn to make great use
of this tool.
Great question.
>> Awesome. Okay. I think we have time for
one, maybe two more. So Sam, I'll let
you choose.
Okay, this one is about what happens
when somebody, a prospect or somebody on
your top lead list, does engage with
your content or content from your
employee or company. That's one. And
then two, somebody else asked, "Does
this strategy work with my market?"
which is financial advisors.
>> Ooh. All right, great. I think I can get
through the two questions. When they do
engage, like you you want to be you want
to be mindful of it, but you this is
where to frankly EQ comes into play. So
let's say Paige likes my post and I send
her a note and I'm like, "Thanks for
liking my post." And she's, "You're
welcome." And I'm like, and then let's
say she does that again tomorrow and I'm
like, "Hi, thanks for liking my post."
She's like, "This is really creepy." And
I'm like, "That's it."
So be mindful, right? Think about how
you can tiptoe around and do these
things in a EQ driven way. Maybe Paige
likes a couple of my posts and maybe I
just say in my mind, I'm like, "I see
you checking me out."
Do you want to tell me? And so maybe I
wait for the second or third time or I
see that she engages and says something
directly and maybe I just send her a
note and say, "Hey, I've been thinking,
you've been on my mind. When does send
you this is really valuable. Hey babe,
if you're if you ever want to chat, let
me know. Like whatever and maybe she
says, "Oh my gosh, I keep seeing your
content. It's so good. We should chat."
And I'm like, "Oh my god, no way." So,
think about how you can use it in that
way without directly saying it, but use
that engagement as intent. I think the
other note is when you see them do
something not with your content, but
content that gives you a signal. So,
this is again one of our clients that be
on the line be like, "That's my
example." But we just saw a chief
communications officer reshare the post
of her organization talking about how
this is just the beginning of social
media. They did so much in the last
year. They're going to really take off
next year and that's precisely what her
company can help with. Use that, right?
If you now know there's intent, there's
motivation to do something here. The
chief comms officer reposted this. This
is information you can use. So, what do
you do with that? I saw you just
reshared this. I'd love to see what you
guys accomplished last year. I was
looking at your results that you guys
publicly shared. Here's a great way we
can make impact through this super
specific thing. I'm going to be in New
York in a couple of weeks. Would you be
up for a meeting about it? Use that
information because I'll tell you why.
That's intent without using the same
intent that everybody else is using. And
the final part on financial services.
So,
if I had a dollar for everybody that
reached out to me to say, "Sam, it seems
like you do okay. Would you like us to
manage your money?"
I'd be in really good shape. What I
would tell you with this is whatever the
market that you're reaching out to is,
make sure there's value. When you do
your outreach or when you offer
something that you can solve, there has
to be value here and here's what I mean.
If I have somebody from Morgan Stanley
that reaches out and says, "We would
love to talk to you about managing your
money. We manage people just like you.
Would you like to chat?"
What if I get 10 messages that look
exactly like that today? Who am I going
to say yes to? I'm going to eeny meeny
miny moe Dumb and Dumber style. Any Dumb
and Dumber fans out there? Just me?
That's fine. That's fine. I got one.
Thanks, Paige. Bye. I'm going to do that
or I'm going to look for the person who
says, thanks for raising your hand,
guys. Glad to hear some hearing and
loyalty fans out there. I'm going to
look for the person who says one of the
critical things we see people like you
do is miss tax harvesting.
Their broker haven't brought it up to
them. It's something critical you should
do. Happy to walk you through it if you
haven't done that before. And then I'm
like, oh, the hell is tax harvesting?
Don't worry, I know what tax harvesting
is.
The hell is tax harvesting? Maybe I go
to my broker and I'm like, do we do
that? And he's like, oh, it's a great
suggestion. And I'm like, why am I
suggesting that to you? And why more
importantly, why aren't they suggesting
that to me? And you comment. So, you
want to create, right? There's some
value here. There's something specific
to teach me something. That's how you're
going to win.
Okay. I know.
Yes to playbook and writing LinkedIn
posts cuz I just saw it. LinkedIn
branding playbook is a phenomenal for
that. I'm going to close this out. First
of all, thank you guys for showing up.
Thank you so much for all the
engagement, all the questions, all the
activity in the chat. There will be a
recording of this as we talked about.
So, please feel free. If this is helpful
to you today,
post on LinkedIn, share us with your
friends. We'd love to make a bunch of
new friends and to meet you. And again,
if we can help your organization, please
reach out. We would love to work with
you.
