Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Sam McKenna",
  "channel_name": "Samantha McKenna - #samsales",
  "video_id": "LGk4dtwsFJc",
  "title": "Creating Urgency with Microsoft",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGk4dtwsFJc",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 103,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Meet to me is one of the key
differentiators of any great sales rep.
And we could talk about speed in a lot
of ways. Speed to lead, speed to contact
us form. Urgent bird gets the worm. I'm
obviously very passionate about this. We
can also talk about the speed of my
talking, which I'm always working on
slowing down. But I think what we also
need to think about with speed is the
urgency that we create in our deals.
Now, when we think about this, there are
a ton of things that impact urgency.
usually finding buyer pain,
understanding the so what of what we
bring to the table and all of that. But
let's pretend we've covered that. How do
we create urgency and the way that we
run our sales process? So, a few
productivity hacks from my side. One,
I'm a pen and paper kind of gal. I like
to write down the things that are the
most important that I need to do this
week, next week to make sure no stone
gets unturned. The second thing I
thought about is creating a chatbot for
myself called Remind Bonds. call it
that, remind my bonds. And basically, I
just talk to it really quickly, send a
voice memo, and it creates a reminder
for me at a particular date and time.
So, let's say I'm just getting off a
call with somebody and I want to go and
pop over and say, "Okay, I've got to
jump on my next call." But before I do
that, I have 13 seconds. How am I going
to get down what I need to do? I will
record this voice memo and say, "This is
what I need to do. This is specifically
what I want to send, and I need to do it
in 3 days at 8:00. Can you please remind
me by?" It's that fast. and then it goes
in and it'll remind me then it's like a
little personal assistant. And just the
ability to do that speed in between
meetings is killer. Third, if you are a
Microsoft Dynamics 365 sales premium
customer, you will see an announcement
today of all these fantastic releases
you get. Anything from data enrichment
to my favorite, recommended actions.
Let's say it's Monday morning and you're
signing behind your desk and you are
like, "What do I do here? What do I
sell? And what am I supposed to do
next?" Recommended actions gives you the
answer to that. So instead of looking at
your dashboard or pipeline full of deals
and thinking where do I go? Look at
recommended actions and how it pulls in
all this information from your CRM to
your conversations and a host of other
sources and tells you who to prioritize
and what to do next. And on that note,
think about evergreen content. That's my
fourth hack. I keep a running list of
articles, LinkedIn posts, case studies,
testimonials, you name it, where I align
it and say CRO's are going to love this.
CMOs are going to love this, chief
communications officers are going to
love this. And so when I get something
from my chatbot that says do this at
this time, or when I get something from
recommended actions that tells me what
to do, I have to think, okay, now I know
what to do. What should I send? And I
can pull from evergreen content. One of
the premier deals that I closed was in
about six weeks with the chief
communications officer and it went from
about February to end of April. It was
really, really quick in terms of how we
closed it. And one of the things that I
did was drive that deal forward with
evergreen content. Here's another proof
point. Here's something for you to think
about. Here's something else for you to
use. That staff goes such a long way
because you are educating the customer
along the way and helping them
understand more and creating that
urgency all while just being a great
partner. So see what you can employ.
Pull one or two things from this this
week. See how it can create an urgency
or dialogue. And also mix up your timing
a little bit. Instead of the 9 to5,
think about sending it early on a Sunday
morning or late on a Sunday afternoon. I
think you'll be surprised to find out
how people react because you're varying
your times and creating that urgency.
