Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Sam McKenna",
  "channel_name": "Samantha McKenna - #samsales",
  "video_id": "lyxdgDNlFx4",
  "title": "Part 6:  The Active Selling Phase - Samantha McKenna with Salesloft",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyxdgDNlFx4",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 134,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Now that email one is done, the rest of
the cadence gets a lot easier. Not
because it's less important, but because
the heavy lifting is already done. You
earn the attention, you set the
challenge, you gave them a reason to
care so that they didn't delete it or
unsubscribe.
Email two is the bump, and it's the
easiest one to write. Why? Because it
contains no new information whatsoever.
It's simply a bump. But you'll notice
that the bumps you're likely accustomed
to seeing in your inbox sound like
someone's scolding you, or it uses
generic language like, "Just following
up." Instead, use something like this.
Sam, wanted to see if you had a chance
to review my below note. But appreciate
the opportunity to connect on how we
help with value proposition in a few
words.
If you have some time over the next
coming week or two, let me know what
days and times work best, and I'll
gladly send along an invite. Now, one
thing that might stand out about the
language I just used in the follow-up is
that you didn't hear me say, "I'd love
to."
Most sales emails say exactly that. "I'd
love to meet with you. I'd love to find
time. I'd love to schedule a meeting."
But consider how a quick change in
semantics to appreciate or grateful can
make a difference. Rather than the
reader saying, "I'd love to," they now
see, "I'd be appreciative of the chance
to chat," or "I'd be grateful for some
of your time." And it's a small
psychological change that can make the
buyer more likely to respond.
One more note on email two. This is the
only email in the cadence where I will
tell you to be strict on timing. Send it
within 48 hours of email one.
If your buyers are the kind of execs who
disappear Monday through Friday, and
then catch up on email over the weekend,
a very strategic play you can run is to
do your research earlier in the week,
send email one on Thursday or Friday,
and then you're bump plans over the
weekend.
Final note, be sure that these emails
stay threaded. Same subject line and all
the emails that have been sent along
with this cadence fall below. You want
the familiarity of the subject line
paired with buyers being able to see how
hard the sender has been working to get
their attention.
Email three is your second shot at the
same bull's-eye. Sometimes you did the
research and the email still missed the
mark. Sometimes the buyer was simply too
busy. Sometimes the angle you chose was
not the one that matters most to them
right now, and that's exactly why email
three exists.
In email three, you're still in the same
thread, same subject line, and you're
going to use the same structure as email
one, but with a different angle.
That could mean a different challenge
your persona is dealing with. It could
also mean a different consequence of the
problem, or it could mean a different
way their current solution breaks down.
Point is you're not rewriting a brand
new email. You're reframing the value so
it lands. You still lead with the
challenge, you still call out the cost
of an action, but then you remind them
of who you are, what you do at a high
level, and why it matters to them. And
you still close in the same way by
asking for interest. You can skip the
forthcoming objection here if it's the
same as email one. If the objection
changes with the new angle, then yes,
include a short pre-battle.
Now, email four is where you prove out
everything you just said in emails one
and three. This is the email where you
bring in a customer story or a case
study. If you have a public case study,
great. Now that we're no longer crossing
the high spam bar in email one, you can
even link it. If you do not have a
public case study, use a customer story
you're allowed to reference. And if you
cannot name the customer, anonymize it.
One important rule, the story has to
match the buyer persona.
If you're emailing a small manufacturing
company, don't send a story about a
massive hospital system. Show me you
know me still applies here.
Now, format-wise, don't take the lazy
version of this email. We helped company
do X and Y. Here's the link. That's not
adding value.
Instead, your job is to tell the story
in the email and let the link be
optional. A simple story structure is
company had this problem. Here's what
was going on. They pulled us in to fix
it. Here's what we did and here was the
result. And then, a link if they want to
dig in deeper.
And yet again, the close is with a soft
ask for interest.
This is also where you can stop
threading if you'd like. Email four can
be a brand new subject line and it can
use the same mindset we taught for email
one. Hook plus value tied to the story.
If you genuinely do not have a customer
story you can use, then don't force it.
In that case, you can skip ahead and
make email four more like the nurture
format you'll see in emails five through
nine.
