Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Sam McKenna",
  "channel_name": "Samantha McKenna - #samsales",
  "video_id": "GdFKRDQup0Q",
  "title": "Part 5: Email One - Samantha McKenna with Salesloft",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdFKRDQup0Q",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 181,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
As we start writing email one, there are
a few non-negotiables you need to think
about before you even touch the copy.
First, no links and certainly no
attachments in email one. Yes, even in
the signature. Those are common spam
triggers and we're not risking
deliverability on the most important
email in the entire cadence. Second,
skip bullets as they not only suggest
that this is a sales email, but that it
was written for the masses versus an
audience of one. Third, this email is
allowed to be a bit longer than what
you've probably been told. The goal is
not the shortest, the goal is value.
Consider for a moment if you wrote a
super short email. We can't pack the
elements we're about to teach you in
less than 50 words. So, you end up with
something that sounds like this.
Hi John, I noticed you were hiring.
We've helped organizations lessen their
recruitment fees while also accelerating
ramp time. Interested in how we can help
you?
Now, in isolation, that might capture
the buyer's attention. But consider that
they get five emails just like that
every week or even every day.
Will the buyer say yes to all five? No.
Will they cherry-pick one? No.
Will they open and reply to the longer
one that proves value around their
process? Potentially.
And that's exactly why length positively
impacts you here.
We're not writing a novel, though, so
think about two thumb swipes max on a
phone. Okay, let's move on and get into
the structure of the email.
Most sellers start with a solution.
Great copy does not. It starts with the
problem. Think about a dish soap
commercial. It doesn't open on sparkling
clean plates. It opens on the pan with
burnt gunk and red sauce welded onto it,
right? Because if you show me clean
dishes, I go cute and I keep scrolling.
But if you show me the dirty pan, you
put me right back into the hour of
cleaning up dinner last night and I want
the fix.
Buyers behave the exact same way unless
they're already actively shopping. An
email that jumps right into your
solution gives them no emotional reason
to care. A challenge does. A challenge
creates urgency.
So, your job is to name the challenge in
a way that feels specific to that
persona. What keeps them up at night?
What are they trying to accomplish? What
are they doing today to solve it? And
where is their current approach breaking
down? A simple way to write it is one or
two sentences to create a baseline
concept and then build your story and
writing style or personality around it.
Something like, "I suspect you're
dealing with this specific problem as
you try current solution to try and
accomplish this bigger goal."
Then, you move into the cost of
inaction. This is where you make it feel
real.
It's important to know that loss is a
powerful motivator. In fact, the idea of
loss is about twice as powerful as a
motivator as the idea of gain.
For example, write something like this.
"If you keep doing this, here is what it
could cost you."
Conversely, you can use a challenge
statement to teach the reader something
and to create FUD, fear, uncertainty, or
doubt.
FUD shines a light on a process they may
have overlooked and teaching that will
hopefully get the buyer to say, "Huh,
I never thought of that."
Now, your buyer is emotionally primed to
listen to you and you can move to the
pitch.
Your value proposition is not a list of
features and benefits. I know, I know.
But, rather, it's why you matter to that
buyer. It's the so what of those
features and benefits.
Most sales copy starts at what we call
the 30,000-ft view. It's vague, it's
unspecific, it doesn't actually
articulate what you do. For example, we
can help accelerate pipeline by 33%.
Now, you've definitely heard that line
before, but tell me what the company
does.
We don't know, right? Because it could
be any number of things that help move
pipeline faster.
Instead, start by telling them what you
do at a 300-ft level.
That way, their brain can categorize you
correctly.
Software that helps you do X. A
consultancy that supports teams with Y.
Now, you want to connect the dots. How
does what you do fix the exact problem
you just described? Tangibly.
Again, not our software makes your life
easier, but rather we do this exact
tangible thing to solve the problem.
And now for the hard part. You have to
answer the question every buyer is
silently asking, which is so what?
Why do they care? What changes are on
the other side for them specifically if
you solve it?
This is the part that almost nobody
does, and it is the most effective
addition you can make to your content.
Consider this. We write a compelling
email and maybe even hook the buyer on a
need they have. But what happens next?
They're immediately thinking of reasons
not to change or the objection of why
they don't need you.
For example, I teach an inordinate
amount of content on how to use LinkedIn
Sales Navigator effectively.
Now, perhaps I email a team my
credentials, why I can make a difference
to their pipeline and adoption, etc.
They're sold now, right?
Not quite.
Instead, they're objecting mentally with
something like, "We have a customer
success manager at LinkedIn. We don't
need you."
And then they delete my email. So, you
have to address the objection before
they have to. They're not going to
respond to us with the objection, So, we
have to get ahead of it. You write the
rebuttal right into email one. Something
like, "You might be thinking this
obvious concern. And here is the
difference in how we handle it and how
this can specifically impact you."
Let's first examine what normal sales
emails do when they close. They close by
being generic and asking for 15 to 20
minutes or by regrettably sending a
calendar link even in cold outbound or
specifically asking if the buyer is
available on a specific day at a
specific time. Instead, we want to close
by asking for interest, not time.
We're changing our semantics here to
stand out from what they see every day.
We're asking a question that is
hopefully impossibly easy for the buyer
to answer. A simple close you can use
is, "Interested in learning more?"
The whole point is to keep the door
open. Maybe they want a meeting. Maybe
they have a question. Maybe they want a
reference. But if you corner them into a
calendar decision on the first email,
many will simply opt out on the first
blush.
