Metadata:
{
  "expert": "Sam McKenna",
  "channel_name": "Samantha McKenna - #samsales",
  "video_id": "WPMzxZodePU",
  "title": "Part 4: The Buyer Persona - Samantha McKenna with Salesloft",
  "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPMzxZodePU",
  "language": "English (auto-generated)",
  "language_code": "en",
  "is_generated": true,
  "snippet_count": 149,
  "run_id": "eZVGBbY1BZCd0rzC0",
  "dataset_id": "AT0FahwIYyAH8vquJ"
}

Transcript:
Before you write a single word of email
one, we have to decide who this cadence
is for, meaning who's the audience. And
I don't mean marketing as a broad label,
or IT, or even the CIO. What I mean is a
specific human with a real day job, real
pressure, and real priorities. Because
the entire point of the cadence is to
show them we know them. And in a way
that clearly says this email was written
for someone like them in their exact
role.
Here's what I mean. A director of
marketing at a regional hospital has a
completely different world than a VP of
marketing at a series B SaaS company.
The former is thinking about patient
volume, compliance, internal approvals.
The latter, thinking about pipeline,
attribution, and how fast they can scale
demand generation. And even inside the
same company, the role changes the
language. Demand gen cares about
performance and lead quality. Brand
cares about perception and consistency.
The CMO? They care about all of it, but
through the lens of revenue, risk, and
what they have to defend at the board
level.
So when you pick your persona, capture
the nuances that change the message. How
long have they been in that role?
Whether they're new to the industry,
what their company size is, what their
team size is, how they are measured, if
they own a budget or influence it. If
your persona is too broad, your email
becomes too broad. And yes, you may need
multiple cadences inside one ICP. You're
not going to solve that by swapping a
couple of merge fields, but I will show
you how to build variations without
reinventing the entire thing.
Now, let's talk about email one,
specifically the subject line and the
preview text. This is where it's
critical that show me you know me either
shows up immediately, so you don't run
the risk of being deleted.
Buyers are trained to treat sales emails
like
So, if they don't see something specific
to them, or if the email suggests that
it might be a sales email, it'll likely
be deleted. If email one fails, the odds
are exponentially lower that your
remaining cadence will make an impact.
So, let's talk about your subject line
first. Your subject line has one job.
Earn the open.
That means it can't look like every
other subject line in that reader's
inbox. Not meeting inquiry, not company
name plus company name, and certainly
not quick question name. Those scream
I want to sell you something. What works
is a subject line that feels like it
could only be meant for them, or someone
exactly like them. If you've been a
follower of mine, or a follower of Sam
Sales for some time, you'll know that we
promote ensuring your subject line
contains keywords or phrases that could
only make sense to that one person
reading them.
For example, here's a subject line made
just for me.
Barefoot Contessa plus Nickelodeon
Classics plus Switzerland. Now, it
doesn't make any sense to you, but why
does it stand out to me?
Because if you look at my LinkedIn
profile, you'll learn that I love
Barefoot Contessa, that I was on a
Nickelodeon game show as a kid, and that
I originally hail from Switzerland.
Confusing to everyone else, but
guaranteed an open from me.
You would then open the email with your
connection or thoughts aligned with
those topics, or do that, but also add a
PS. If one topic makes sense to lead
with and another to close with. Now,
this is hyper-specific to one person,
and well worth the effort. But, for this
series, we're going to scale that
concept for the buyer persona level. You
still show them you know them, but you
do it through their role and their
world. A simple formula is hook plus
value. The hook creates curiosity, and
the value makes it worth their time.
Don't stress about the length. Most
sales subject lines are one to three
words, which is why a longer one will
stand out. Just make sure the most
important words show up early because on
mobile, you may only see around the
first 35 to 40 characters.
And if you're savvy with AI, you can
create a prompt around this asking the
AI to be an elite newspaper editor who
excels at finding the hook in a story
and the value for the reader.
Then, have it give you 20 headlines
based on your email and you can use that
in your subject line.
Some of our favorites are Where in the
world is Carmen Sandiego and Tesla? For
a few hundred buyer personas at Tesla
who just put on a traveling car show.
Or doubling revenue in three years with
Salesloft. For a UK-based bank who put
out a press release about doubling their
revenue in three years.
Now, the preview text, which is the
first few words showing up on the first
line of your email after the subject
line.
On mobile, again, you might only get a
small slice, 35 or so characters. On
desktop, you might get a little bit
more, up to 140.
Either way, those first few words
matter. Your goal is simple. Do not
announce, "This is a sales email." with
something like, "I hope this email finds
you doing well." or by jumping right
into your value proposition with
language like, "Name, I'm getting in
touch because we help companies like
Salesloft do X."
Instead, a clean opener that works is,
"We have yet to be properly introduced,
but I'm Sam McKenna and I'm part of the
team at Salesloft."
Notice how I said team, not my sales
title. I mean, we want to get this thing
open, don't we?
