Metadata:
{
  "topic": "AI-powered SEO content production for B2B SaaS",
  "expert": "Samanyou Garg",
  "company": "Writesonic",
  "video_id": "du26Ywa-CtA",
  "title": "What Still Works? Content, Search, and Distribution in the AI Era I Ft. Ross Simmonds & Sam Garg",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du26Ywa-CtA",
  "channel": "",
  "source_type": "official_or_company_channel",
  "transcript_source": "faster_whisper_tiny_en_asr"
}

Transcript:
Hey everyone, my name is Sam. I'm the founder and CEO of Rights on it. Really excited for this session today. I have with me, Ross Simmons, who is the founder of Foundation Marketing. We also have Dozi, who is from Foundation Marketing as well. And yeah, if you care at all about content, or distribution, I'm pretty sure you probably know Ross from his LinkedIn post or tweets. I think he also runs a podcast or something with HubSpot as well and has his own podcast. So yeah, I'm pretty sure you already know him. And what we'll be doing today is we'll talk about some data points first on what is working in AI search right now. We did a couple of different studies just yesterday. So all of these are very fresh studies we did for this webinar. So we'll be going through those. Then Ross will be taking over. We'll be talking about all the things that are actually working in AI search right now in terms of content distribution, various other things. And then we'll do a fireside chat where we'll answer some of your questions. Go through a few of the other common things in the space as well and take it on from there. So let's get right into it. Now, here's the thing I keep seeing with almost every team that we talk to. AI search of course has blown up, especially in the last six months. Everyone now is using a GU to a GU to a GU to a whatever you want to call it. You can see exactly where you are invisible. But you can't actually move the ranking or rankings or move the visibility there. Most of the teams are kind of stuck with that. What is the set of actions that you need to take to actually improve your visibility or citations? So instead of giving you my opinion today, we went and pulled some data, really fresh data. So there's about seven studies we pulled just yesterday. I'll be going through each one of them really quickly and all of them are pointing towards the same direction. And first of all, some quick context on where this data comes from. So I'm not making any claims. We have a dataset and always growing dataset of about 2 billion AI conversations in our index. This includes multiple AI platforms like Chargipet, EGEM and I Google AI reviews and so on. And this is where we based on these different data points that we have as part of our dataset is where we ran these fresh studies which will show some really interesting insights hopefully. So the first study we did here was on the model change. I think most of you probably know last month and may Chargipet released 5.5 model. Just one month after 5.4 I guess I think 5.4 was released and April this year. And with that one update how things work in terms of where Chargipet features its information changed quite drastically. So the most interesting number here is the first one 96% of Chargipet's answers. Now point to other people's site as the source. So if you are a brand you're tracking your visibility inside Chargipet 90% of those citations or sources are actually coming from. third party websites now these third party could be you know other kind of forums, news websites, Reddit all these kinds of things but not necessarily your own website there. Apart from that Reddit saw a huge jump so 4.4 times jump after that single may model update. So GPT 5.5 instant becoming the default model and of course the thinking model is 5.5 thinking. And the other thing is for your own site's share that went down from 5.2% before the update to 4.3% after the update. So quite interesting how one model change like any new model that gets released actually has so much impact on what gets cited or what where does that information get source from. Study number 2 that we did is on how these different engines overlap in terms of the sources that they're using. So we took about 160,000 prompts and we asked a really basic question. If I take the same prompt how do the different engines cite the sources are deciding the same sort of sources or the same sort of websites or is there any difference there. Interestingly what we found is there's only a 17% source overlap between any two engines for the same sort of prompts. So only 17% overlap right what that means is optimizing for one engine like such activity does not mean that you're also optimized for some of these other ones because the source is differ quite a bit on what any of these models is considering to come up with that answer. And only 3.48% 3.8% of sources are used by every engine that we tested. So this is the common set of sources and 72% of the sources show up on only one engine. Right, which is quite interesting and this is where I think you can also see a differentiation between the different models here. So the things that you see here we ran it on four models AI overviews perplexity Gemini and charge. Now, AI overviews perplexity and Gemini have good amount of overlap, but chargey pretty is sort of like the lone wolf where if we see these four models, chargey pretty is playing in a different league compared to these. So between AI overviews perplexity and Gemini, there's a good amount of overlap. But chargey pretty pulls from its own set of sources, which are quite different from Google itself as well even though it is using a combination of Google and Bing and the next there. Next thing I want to point out is the citation lifespan. So you know any source any website that gets cited doesn't last forever. It is actually fades in a couple of days. This is one study. I don't think I've seen Bing done anywhere else. So what we did is tracked 23 million cited sources over a two month period. So from April to June of this year, what we saw is that 44% of the cited pages appear only once and then they sort of don't appear again. They disappear. And 11 to 15 days is the typical citation lifespan before it drops or it chants out of the sources list there. And interestingly, public city keeps its sources twice as long as chargey pretty. So it's the highest retaining model in a way if we talk about. So what that means is basically once you are in the sources or once you are a citation, it does not mean that you'll stay there forever. The answers that it is pulling from these different sources keep on changing. So you need to make sure you are evolving and you're not also just relying on your own website. You're also taking into consideration third party sources as well. Coming to third party sources. So one other thing that we saw is that you can be the source like you can be cited in the answer. But still your brand might not get mentioned or your product might not get mentioned as a recommendation in that answer. So very interesting data points. So five models we tested on public city AI over views, chargey pretty Gemini and Copilot. And you can see that 52% of the brands let's say that public city is using as a source. Don't even get mentioned as part of that answer there. So being cited does not necessarily mean that you'll also get recommended as part of that answer. The fifth study that we did here is you know, another very interesting one. So AI answers have a fixed number of seats seats in the sense. The slots they have as part of the answer where the product or services are being recommended. So 90% of the time whenever a new product or a new brand enters an answer. Another brand gets dropped from that answer. So it's not like it would get added to the same list. One of the brands from there will get dropped. And usually there's a one to one mapping where if one brand enters the answer. Some other one gets kicked out and 2.6 times you know, brands get dropped when like a new camera arrives there. So let's say there are five brands that are getting mentioned right now when a new camera arrives a new brand, which was not part of the answer before. There's a lot of drops that happen as part of that. So essentially if you want to win, you need to take one of your competitors seat. It's a replacement game essentially. The other thing here, which I think Ross will talk about probably in a bit more detail, but we ran the study again on the citation influence. So how much influence does your own website versus some of these third party websites have won the answer like where it would pick the answer from those citations. So interestingly, some of these social ones YouTube Reddit get picked up quite a bit. So it's like a 3.2x rate for YouTube and Reddit. Gardner is also up there for I guess B2B domains G2 is 2.3 times and then you have LinkedIn. Your own website is much lower as compared to these third party sources. So what that means is like, you know, chat, GPT or any of these models are trusting outside sources. Like what other talk about your brand more than what you talk about yourself on your own website, which is where what is important is that of course, you do your own on page content on page SEOG, but at the same time, you also need to ensure you have an off page motion as well to make sure that you have a much higher chance of appearing in the answer and also staying there as we discuss as well. The last bit here is, you know, you can't own the first position for a longer period of time. There is usually 7 to 9 different brands that trade that first part for the same prompt of the same question. So usually it keeps differing between the 7 to 9 brands and 50% of chargeability answers change their first, you know, the first recommendation that they have from each run to, you know, there's a lot of volatility there. So they keep changing the first brand that has recommended there. Right. So basically, you need to make sure that you are present in the top few results. Let's say the top three or top four. You can never be consistent in the first position as long as you are in the top three or four positions. You have like a good spot that you can control and you can also keep getting recommended over a period of time. Now, these 7 studies would did, but what is like the conclusion of these, like which are the brands that keep winning here. So there are really two common things. First signal is that other sites are getting cited, which are talking about your brand there. Right. So there are other websites or other sources which are talking about you. This could be third party websites like YouTube, Reddit, all these kinds of one or it could also be any other maybe even computer websites or listical websites for that matter. Second is the number of times that you are being mentioned across the web, not just your own website, but outside as well. That matters quite a bit. So the more the number of mentions you have mentions as in where other people's content has your brand name mentioned as part of it. That matters much more than even having backlinks which used to work with us, but not that important nowadays. So the more the number of mentions you have, the amount of digital PR you are doing. Reddit mentions that you have that has a very strong impact on having a long term yeah visibility for your brand. So in a nutshell, just giving a quick summary here, the very first thing is you know stop treating one engine as visibility. See which is the AI engine that matters for your brand or which are the set of engines that matter for your brand. There would be certain nuances and certain differences in how you optimize for each of those engines. Second thing is being cited does not necessarily mean that you're also getting mentioned right. So you need to take both of those into account citation shares. I would say a secondary metric the primary metric is still AI visibility or share of voice. Third thing is stop pouring all of your time and resources into your own website. Of course on pages important but at the same time make sure you're also having a you know certain percentage of your resources and your budget allocated to off page activities as well. And then last one as we discussed stop trying to be the best you can't always claim the first spot. If you're in those top two or three spots and you know the models are kind of rotating between that that itself will have a good long term visibility for you. Do you don't necessarily need to be in the first position. And then yeah we have Ross on the call he's like the expert in distribution and content he's the one who I think I didn't know this but he's the one who coined the term create once distributed forever. He has a whole book on this and also runs a very successful podcast also you might have seen on some of the Hub spot videos as well. So he's like the authority in off page in distribution content as well. So I'll be passing it over to Ross Ross will let you present your screen and take it on from here. Awesome. Thank you so much. Same. That was awesome. Love the insights. Love the stats that you shared there folks. Definitely check out some of the content and the work that the right song Xem is been producing data like this just fresh off of yesterday is absolutely wild and I love to see it so. Great work excited to dive in. So when it comes to content distribution and it comes to marketing and general folks we are all going through one of the most challenging but exciting times that I have seen in my entire life. Google has flat out become a destination. I've been in SEO for a very long time. I've been in search and discovery for a long time and when I first got started in the industry. There's no question that Google was a place where it would just send us traffic. Today it's no longer that today it's taking citations a lot of you will log into Google search console and you'll see a big gap happening between impressions and clicks. This is because Google has become a destination and across the board when you look at marketers and we talk to marketers a lot of us are struggling because we don't know where to go. We don't know what to do. We did this study at foundation where we asked marketers like what roles do you think are most at risk and content writers email marketers graphic designers so many people were stressed out right budgets are getting cut left right in the center you see layoffs happening at firms at companies all the time. budgets are going down goals are going up we have everybody has these like barbie goals with Ken budgets it's absolute chaos out here then you see Sam's data and you're seeing that the the updates like the ability to even own your visibility and one LLM is no longer connected to the next like this stuff is changing so frequently you can optimize for one platform but it doesn't mean you're going to show up in another you get cited one day and then you're gone the next right like you see this type of data no wonder marketers are stressed out there's no wonder we're all stressed out one or what in the world should be world should we do we have citations one day we're popping the bubbly we feel excited we feel good and then the next week we're gone by Felicia like what do we do my goal today is to show you what you can do how you can increase the likelihood that you influence the citations long term and how you can build engines that actually work but before we go into the future and I show you that let's first go back to 2000 and 17 2018 2019 when I was trying my hardest to tell so many marketers all over the world folks that you have to realize that this Google thing is becoming a destination I was telling folks on stages year after year I said Google is becoming a destination Google cares more about shareholder value than they care about your backlinks your domain authority all of that is secondary and folks you need to lean into distribution and here we are right so when we're in this space today and we're thinking man I wish somebody told us about Reddit and Quora and LinkedIn medium and to be distributing I tried folks I really did try but let me try again Let me try this time even harder to tell you what I think is going to happen I want you to embrace the basics the basics of marketing because Over the last few years we've made a mistake content marketers through the word content as like the only thing we did let's write more blog posts create more landing pages Let's forget about marketing let's forget about the psychology of humans let's forget about brand narrative let's forget about storytelling Let's just optimize our stuff right we forgot all about the the classics of Psychology of human connection we forgot those things in lean so aggressively into producing content that we lost track of what actually makes this craft cool Which is the human side so let's go back to fundamentals like research creation distribution and optimization Most teams just focus on creation today. I want to share with you how this model can be applied to every single one of your businesses Your careers your goals your jobs, et cetera So you can achieve the success and visibility the same way that writes on it because I've been talking about in terms of AI But you can also execute this with your teams no matter your budget But I also want to take us back to fundamentals that some other folks have been preaching for way longer than me Which is that on site on your website and off site you should be just doing good business stuff like Embracing double eat Experience expertise authority and trust your brand needs to use this if you do not use this you will fail in AI visibility you will fail in search you will probably fail in business You need to actually strive to demonstrate that you have experience expertise authority and trust in your category So what does that mean image you want to inspire first hand opinions you want video reviews You want case studies on your site. You also want them off site Right, see I was talking about how rare it is that your websites are actually being cited in the LLMs Right, that makes sense because our websites are small in the fraction when you consider how big the internet is We are a small sliver folks So obviously we're gonna have a small piece of the influence in the sample size of these LLMs training models in their data So what do we do we should be trying to increase and grow the sample size of proof points on other sites that show We are trustworthy and valid so we can influence the LLMs and you do this with experience expertise authority and trust by having credentials by having deep knowledge by publishing That knowledge by having verifiable trusted authorities on your brand and representing your brand speaking about you by having Press mentions and media mentions having Subject mastery by ensuring that you are speaking with authority by having strong citations around what the source is for your Claims all of this is important and if you embrace those fundamentals folks if you embrace Research creation distribution and optimization if you embrace doubly everything else I'm about to share with you while it is valuable is kind of secondary I want some of you just to embrace these fundamentals and run with them But let's talk about each of these let's start with research if you're not already set up Using a tool like Rodsonic where you're able to actually get insights into your individual category and how brands Your competitors how your customers your prospects etc are looking for your solution and whether or not you are visible or you are Findable that step one You need to have the infrastructure in place to actually get the data to know whether or not you are being mentioned in the LLMs in the way that you want sure You can go Rate into it and just like navigate and look at it with your eyes and try to test and see if this is what is influencing your category That's the nitty gritty way. I think there's so much bias in it like when you consider things like memory in your own bias that you're probably Influenced your LLM. I think it's better to use one of these tools But I think you should start there and when your boss is like, hey, I'm looking in my LLM and I see that we're not ranking number one Tell them to clear their memory and that it's all It doesn't matter what they see you need to have a large sample size what this one individual season is just not matter Right, but I also want you all to remember as a midst all of the shifts happening Google still dominates like everyone's getting so Go so obsessed with the LLMs and all of these new tools and I love them. I'm a massive fan of AI big believer in them But let's be honest Google owns Discovery Google owns search right like search is still dominated by Google the vast majority of the searches And I experience on the internet still happen by Google so you can say over only gonna optimize for ChatGPT we're only gonna optimize for cloud perplexity, et cetera hashtag mistake why because Google is the gigantic search discovery platform still today Google had this announcement where they said folks We don't want you to create commodity content. We want you to create non commodity content and I had a lot of Conversations with CMOs and exact teams where they were saying roster. We need to shift to all of our strategy towards non commodity content And I gave them most marketing answer ever it depends What do I mean by that it depends because in some niches in some industries if you're in a very new niche commodity content is actually highly valuable because there's no commodity content that exists If someone isn't an industry in a niche that has been around for the last two decades I would assume there's tons of commodity content that exists So the training models and the LLMs have a ton of commodity content that get it can learn from But if it doesn't already exist and there's no infrastructure for it to learn from that's where if you are in an More older market non commodity content is where you're going to win and what I encourage you to start to play with We've started to build out non commodity content for clients at foundation and the results in terms of Dislitation said been wild take first party data to surveys run research and now us do Analysis of different things and then press publish on that story the LLMs will eat it up and it's the long tail You're not always going after the the most highly search for query You might be going for a specific use case that you know your ICP and your audience want and then you create that piece Here's a little framework did again take all the screenshots steal everything that I'm saying use it all for yourself This is the way that we think of market info because this should be like an investment So as you're starting to discuss and internally make a decision around non commodity versus commodity content Run your own internal analysis around whether or not something is worth the investment Right because every single day people are asking LLMs questions and you should be too You should be using LLMs to do research for you You should be using LLMs to help you brainstorm the keywords that you should go after if you're thinking about going into YouTube, maybe you run a keyword analysis You use an MCP from one of your favorite SEO and AI optimization tools to get insight You might then realize however that when you go over to YouTube and you start to type in the queries There's like data gap and then maybe you look at this and you're like I noticed that propagating Lavender of my keywords tools only telling me 390 Search searches a month, but the videos have over 455,000 views Maybe that's worth pursuing Let's pretend that I had a midlife crisis and I said I'm done this American anything I'm gonna start a gardening YouTube channel if I looked at my keyword tool It was a 390 searches month Ross don't go after it But if I use my human eyes and I look at this and I say these videos have a total of 455,000 views Maybe I should create them because people want them It's worth pursuing do not allow folks AI to replace the brain You still need to be able to think strategically and put together a few things as a human marketer to understand that if your eyes are telling you that people want it That maybe you should create it and the data might not be perfect Once you embrace the research you then need to start creating let me share with you some data on that YouTube Absolutely blowing up if we've leaned heavily into this idea of my like quarter life cycle Midlife crisis search speak I say quarter life. I'm way past quarter, but like midlife crisis. Let's say we leaned into YouTube And you said all right, let's create a YouTube strategy It's never been easier to invest in YouTube folks one again I'm gonna analyze this I'm gonna look at this and say okay easy basal propagation as over 350,000 views Let's create a YouTube effort around that I can now use chat GPT to go out and create my thumbnails This wasn't a valuable months ago. This was not Available months ago folks like now you can ask chat GPT to create a thumbnail in there. It is and I could say okay That's cool, but like why in the world of my wearing a kujis weather But me and something else and then it will do that too and if I wanted to I could have the LOM even Write a script that I could read from and start to talk about propagating lavender into In 2026 and then I could take it a step further and create an actual deep-fake in a agent Where I'm talking about it, right? Like this is possible today all of this is feasible you have at your fingertips folks the ability to create best in class content You can use AI you can use Actual people in a studio creating it. There's so much potential when you look at brands like Sembras you should be analyzing if this is your category you're going into Analyze the content the best practices that they have look at get hub in their best practices take Inspiration from brands like HubSpot that are hiring people and are using a creator strategy where they have this Marga Who had a whole video on local SEO? I don't know if you folks follow me shit. He knows this stuff Let's me I'm kidding, but like you should engage with this type of content and create it and then consider Hmm, can we build a network of creators to produce content that actually influences the LLMs? What do I mean by that so We've recently did this study where we found that YouTube is being cited more regularly and AI overviews in Gemini and AI AI mode than ever before why because Google bought you two for a billion dollars in it's one of the best business transactions to ever take place You think Google's gonna let you to fail not a chance So they're using the transcripts to inform YouTube also just recently announced ask YouTube Which is an AI built into YouTube where you can ask questions? It listened to a bunch of YouTube videos and it gives you a response folks do not sleep on video I'm saying it here just like I did way back YouTube will probably show up in every single search Experience that you have within LLM that is owned by Google Gemini is probably going to have a video in it AI overviews AI mode I believe we'll all have videos in them But that's not the only channel that matters. I think reddit matters too You just seen Sam present and one of the key stats was about reddit reddit is a gold mine of opportunity I think all of us need to embrace this idea a Finding content that works well on reddit and then reverse engineering This psychology of why it worked and then applying it to our niche. I see this post. I saw some folks here from New York Go next guys did it well done and I was like cool This is a post to Pope pizza. Let's see if I can apply this thinking to my own hometown Halifax Nova Scotia so I rewrote that post for Halifax It had over a hundred up votes 40,000 views folks You can reverse engineer what content is being cited on reddit in the LLM's Recreated add value make it better and then give it to people Then you start to think about distribution You create all of this stuff, but you have to distribute it when you see data like this where YouTube mentions reddit mentions gardener mentions G2 LinkedIn is all thriving what does it mean? It means we need to get out of the habit of only focusing on our site and start thinking about distribution on other channels So what I'm thinking is on YouTube Maybe we should tap into Ashley bringing on YouTube partners who we could have support the setup of a YouTube engine for us I found it and we're working with partners every day to go out and find creators for our clients who are recording videos That target queries that are associated with the LLM's and the prompts that matter to them We're actually this is a clear example of creator programs, right? Or we're going out and reaching out to influencers you can do this in host to there are also signals that I think something is in the water that we all need to acknowledge Which is a short form video is starting to influence LLM's and it's also starting to show up in the server directly Let's keep going on this YouTube reddit gardener G2 folks do not sleep on review sites If you are considering your budget and you're thinking oh the review sites are losing a lot of traffic I should walk away from them. No while traffic might be down. It's down across all websites But you know what's up citations So can you start to show up on various review sites as the top listed product you can pay to play or you can just have a great product I prefer that you have a great product and people review you well, but you can also pay to play But you should also be thinking holistically around every asset that you produce as an organ as a company How can you take one podcast and turn it into a hundred different assets that you circulate whether it's through blog posts through content through stories You name it. There's tools like distribution.ai that you can use to help you do this even faster And then ask yourself maybe we can even go into forums folks I've cracked forums that are Ridiculously difficult like reddit hacker news and more and I can tell you that there is nothing like being distributed into these channels And there is nothing right now that is driving more visibility in citations than things like reddit So when you see Sam talk about a four point four X jump in reddite citations after the main model update We did it see in a study the other day and it was saying the same thing directly in Google folks I've been saying it since 2018 Distribute your content in reddit here. I will say it again. I've been banned from reddit I've been banned from reddit month multiple times folks You might have to if you're looking for T codes and advice on how to do it talk to our team We'd be happy to share more on it, but here's some free advice set up a subreddit with excellence Brands like click up have done this well brands like hubs bought have done this well to really Oh, I've done this well learn from some of the greats the team at foundation is published a ton of research on how to set up a Great subreddit you can take guidance from brands like supernote sonos, Semrush, etc You should be setting up a user accounts that can manage the conversation But a subreddit where you can facilitate and create a sense of community again when you see data like this folks The only thing that I ask is that you embrace a simple philosophy which is to create ridiculously valuable content Create ridiculously valuable products and try to drive distribution and then a Mids all of this you're probably thinking is he saying the SEO's dead? No, you still have to optimize You still need to care about your site Not we're not saying forget your site We're saying you have to optimize it with this in mind Experience expertise authority and trust keep writing blog content creep keep producing landing pages But make sure that when you are doing it that you're thinking about publishing case studies You're thinking about doing the hard things Someone asked in the chat Ross. What's non commodity versus commodity content commodity content is content that an AI can answer Where I'm saying What is I don't know what is what is digital marketing that's commodity content but non commodity content is we Interviewed 500 digital marketers to better understand what their biggest pain point is in June 2026 and here's what we found that's non commodity because no one else has that that's unique It has a point of view and it's a first party data driven asset This is what you want to optimize your site for rich insights rich case studies and have author pages So people know who you are one of the best examples that I've seen on the web Doing this is brands like nerd wallet folks Sam said it earlier you have to stop treating one engine as AI visibility You need to stop counting citations as wins They are a part of the equation, but they're not the holy like holy But valve of like hey, we've done it. This is it like no, no, no, no, it's it's good Don't get us wrong, but it's not the only thing that matters stop pouring everything into your own site You have to diversify right off site as well and you have to stop trying to always be the best I would challenge this one a little bit and say you should strive to have the best product You should strive to be the best person serving your customers You should strive to have the best story and you should strive to be the best Marketer that you can be and if you embrace these fundamentals of research create distribute Not to us. I have a feeling that will finally put marketing back into content marketing and we all will be better Off-work. Thank you all for listening I'm Ross Simmons. If you have questions feel free to drop them in the chat Super excited to have this fire side chat with Dozy and right Sonic. Thanks for having me on Awesome lot of really good insights Ross. I'm sure people learn a lot of great things We'll hand it over to Dozy now. I know we have a couple of questions in chat and the Q&A section But those will let you pick it up from here. Yeah, I'm thank you so much I mean, who else feels like when you go after Ross like you're trying to just you try to Full out with someone who's got a ton of energy and you're like you know I'm so sorry Because I was just like okay, like how am I gonna start this like where am I gonna kick off with this conversation right now? Because like what Ross just did like how do I keep that going? But yeah, I mean, thank you so much. Hi everyone. I am the B2B critic director foundation marketing My spend was my time thinking about creating strategy and content and marketing and all that stuff And I think we all kicked this off with by the way, Tane will help us to kind of pull questions from the MQ and the over so please just kind of help Let me know where we have a question we have to answer But I think we're gonna kick this off with is something good of you talked about which is how We're trying to bring marketing back to content marketing and I remember seeing something somewhere where Someone said this is the sum of AI search like literally is like this summer Well talking about the AI search and how it's changing I Think I think the first time I want to come and kick off with is when you would see that what are we saying because Before we built teams around all you a red you're in red it and all you ain't SEO and all you were in You handle landing pages and C arrow and but if we look at what you're talking about Ross literally is we now need to build teams who say no way way marketing team and we have different channels You know, but I feel like that thing is kind of missing in B to be and so where does the one even start Given that we think in that approach from a Structure point of view because I feel like once you figure out this your team structure Then you can probably start saying how do we even tackle this channels Sam do you want to take a first I Can tell you they got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think what we have been seeing like you yourself mentioned Jose They're used to multiple teams and most companies that were working in silos or isolation It's like a digital PR team and then there's like a SU team content team and all that right so a lot of different teams working in silos where they don't talk to each other and they don't Take the the best things out of each other. So if let's say Content team wrote a really good set of blocks that are doing really well organically Pay team is not leveraging it to you know promote it boost it all those kinds of things right So that's I think what is really good with the AI search because that is sort of Breaking down those silos where all of these teams now need to come together You need help from your community person to to manage Reddit and to go and post comments there or start a community there at the same time You also need to Do your own on page content whether it's landing pages as Ross was saying or Blogs non commodity content of course all those kinds of things and then of course There's social media as well YouTube you need to produce video content LinkedIn as I think getting picked up quite a bit for B to B as we were talking about so all of these Need all of these teams need to come together and it becomes like a very holistic Strategy Where every single marketing team comes together to form like let's say not a global but like an overall strategy That would work across the brand so I think that is what is really changing which is also good because now those isolated teams can talk to each other And they can all come together and then back would be directly visible last part of your visibility as well I think that would be my ad, but would love to hear what Ross has to say yes I'm with you 100% I think it's going from silos to a holistic Channel a Mary mentioned it in the comments like right on time It's breaking the silos right like you need to have a holistic approach where Organizations align around the goal and when you do that Everything gets better because brands at the table socials at the table searches at the table Pages at the table everyone's at the table and everyone has the ownership of certain things But when everyone's together and you night it around a single goal which is to be X within the platforms then you have an opportunity to move different levers a little bit better Because the worst thing that could happen is that your YouTube team is just operating in this steady state of brand oriented ads That they're uploading and they might be getting to man-gen team sending them a bunch of webinars that they're creating But none of it is optimized for citations and the title was all the same and it just changes episode 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 come on Like that's trash What we actually need to do is have that team talk to SEO So SEO can ensure that every single video is optimized with the right keywords align with intent The descriptions are optimized the tags are correct. They then are connected to social and brand to make sure those thumbnails are on point Capturing the hook all of those things. So long story a little bit longer. I agree with him totally I mean build it on that actually is because I feel like with if you talk to every market right now I was probably listening to you but talk there's oh we agree with that the question is how do I help my team see that and I want to go back to the stats. I think we had a report that went out Among the goal which is called the healing selection report where we kind of figure out a founder that 90% of citations happened off site now. Simon's actually saying is 96% and I want to I want to kind of spend some time on that literally because I feel like that's this one way to For people to go back to their business and say hey look we need to do this because If we if all we have to talk in about is what we're doing on the block site then we're feeling already So we spend some time on that basically Talking about our data point how can teams present that white's important What you all are seeing because I feel like we just went through it so fast like it and no one's like that is a very important number Everything's happening off site not on your site Yeah, I think Ross you cross your first year. Yeah, I think it's more important now than ever to bring data to the conversation a lot of people are asking the question like how do I get by and how do I get the team to buy into this? How do I get the exact team to buy into this you have to bring data to the conversation folks in the data shouldn't end with citations It shouldn't end with all of these numbers. I think it starts there But you also have to connect it to the bottom line show how an influence is pipeline show how it impacts revenue Show how it could be negatively impacting your sales pipeline your sales revenue all of those things and you can do that by saying Other brands are showing up more regularly What's the average value of these keywords if you're talking about Google? You can actually get the Cosper click estimates multiply that by the search volume take a assumption that each LLM has a certain percentage of that search volume now Do the math and you should be able to formulate a Business case around why this matters to the dollar level and I think marketers are afraid to talk about dollars Because a lot of us gotten to marketing think we didn't have to do math, but like we need to get close to the numbers especially around the dollars Yeah, I think what Ross mentioned especially the You know using that paid our data and then doing a back calculation based on that I think that is really important Because also one quick thing to add there. I think when we talk to a lot of our customers as well Most of them as you're saying is they're they're focusing on on page content so they're focusing on their blogs They're turning out a lot of blog and landing page content even we were doing this until few months back and then once you dig into the data and you see Okay, why are the competitors actually outranking you are you know having a better visibility than you in certain areas That will that data will actually show you that okay, you know, they are the ones who are getting mentioned on reddit or on YouTube Then all these places which is where you are logging behind because on page you might be similar But they might be doing a much better job on the off-page side one other thing I think we have seen as Some you know companies that do much better not better but like more PR let's say where Naturally due to funding or due to whatever reason they get a lot of PR They usually end up getting a lot more off-page due to you know of course digital PR backlinks all those kinds of things So that really also helps them Outrank some of the other competitors as well who might not have that much digital PR as well, but yeah, that's the thing But data and the back calculation that Ross mentioned I think both of those are really important Yeah, I see that Ross is typing some of the answers to in the Q and A thanks so much for that Ross Because that also helps us give us more time because I think I have a lot of really interesting questions. I really want to get to I think the next one I have because now that we've talked about how to Presenter your business case, but again is like What's the most of a high theme in AI facility right now because again, it's also so easy to say yeah, I want to present this and then you go out there and you present something that is just High you know because you know what every new theme is a ton of oh we should do it this way. Oh, this is what's working and then For the lack of a better example for give me everyone the LinkedIn bros of join in and then start to talk about all the short cuts and all the hacks and all the stuff and then Folks get lost and then the industry suffers of a role because people go out and present stuff That isn't exactly the thing that works and they are business head says hey, no Someone has stopped that isn't working. So what one at the most of our high things that we think or you think you're seeing right now across the industry Something you go I think about it. I'll let you ask go. Yeah, okay Ross. You have already thought about it Yeah, I think the most overhyped thing right now You know it's a tough one because I don't think I don't think anyone is actually talking about the right things so I think it's underhyped everything is under Estimated I think YouTube is the most underestimated channel right now. I I won't I don't know what's overhyped because I think everything is starting to get diluted and kind of put in the same category Which I think is most accurately incorrect. I think you can't put quora in YouTube in the same conversation I don't think it makes sense. I don't think you can put medium in YouTube in the same conversation I don't think it makes sense so I think everything is kind of messy and everything is We're figuring it all out but if you don't think YouTube is close To getting the amount of attention that it deserves When it comes to these conversations. I think I think it's way underestimated by people and brands and businesses right now Makes sense I think from my side what I'm seeing is there a couple of these different technical things that people are coming up with one I think there's a lot of open conversation around LLM STOTXT15 that is something of course, you know Google is denying that they don't use it. It's used for agents But at the same time I think a lot of companies especially a lot of startups are over optimizing for that Second thing also is very interesting one. I've seen quite a few recent websites doing they have like Human readable version and then they have a toggle which makes it like machine readable version And it's more through a JavaScript toggle itself So it's literally like you know the model can't even read it because it's it's literally a JavaScript toggle there Right, but those kinds of weird experiments. I think people are trying to figure out if there's a way to hack around or inject some You know Prom sort some data into these elements that is something I think should be avoided and to also what Ross mentioned earlier some of the SU fundamentals still remain Consistent like EAT that is super important that is what also. I think non commodity content is kind of like Glodified version of that only if you have those things in place right that that's going to work for you both for Google and then for these AI models as well I Like that yeah, you know Yeah, because why act stock question was I think it all goes back to Walter Ross said earlier on which is we need to put the marketing back in content marketing in all of this Because when you talk about those experiments you're doing is because we kind of think that we can somehow Ronald those short-cought hacks and get the results, but the realtor is that you still need to speak to humans and then the models will be like, oh, yeah The humans trust this so I'm going to stop as you to more humans Basically, you know That I feel like that's the thing for me. There's something that I found really interested which was I made it notice about it which is about that thing where You some said you win by being talked about somewhere else and then Ross shared this beautiful example of the Halifax thing And I feel like the time people just who go to go out there and try that You know I think for me. I have two questions one one is What makes it post like that land versus being ignored? That's one two is how do you make sure you do differently so that you don't just we don't just get 500 pieces of the same thing go out there and then it just kind of you know There was that thing called tragedy of the comments where basically it everyone is doing it and it doesn't work anymore You know, I think that that's one thing that I'm really hoping that people who leave here What could we say if I want to do these I have my spin on it not just going to just go copy what I saw on this slides and Yeah, did I doesn't work and I got like oh Ross talked about an idea and work that's what I think yeah Ross you want to do first? Sure, I can I think the key is to reverse engineer what success looks like and then to hyper hyper Tailor it to your experience your expertise and your nation your category When I took that New York pizza piece I didn't just copy and paste it and then rewrite it I went to some of these pizza shops and I knew that Renudos has some of the best pizza in Halifax so I was like what I put it around all those number one and I wrote it in a way that was rooted in my actual true Experience I just knew it was going to resonate because the story resonated in New York Let me give you an example so if I was trying to do this as a marketer I'd go to the subreddit our marketing sort of the content by top post I'm going to look at all time and I'm going to look for a trend I might notice a trend that in our marketing the most frequently a voted piece most frequently commented on peace Our stories of freelancers who might escape their nine to five so I'm gonna get an insight and Inside the this community wants to hear stories of people going from in hose to freelance So what am I going to do? I'm going to tell my story about how I did it when I was 23 years old So that's my story personal no one else can steal that from me Your story might be completely different right so everyone needs to learn what people want In give it to them but use their own experience their own unique point of view Now I think the same thing here. I think that research part also like Ross you talked about that is super important So of course with EAT one of the main things is you're adding your own expertise your own Experience from your past work or what you've been doing but at the same time I'm a big like I'm a cloud power user so if you use Like I use cloud code but same thing with cloud cover can those things as well So like you mentioned I think reddit G2 all of these other forums maybe even YouTube comments if you're able to scrape that for whatever Topic you're trying to write about learn what are the pain points or what are the things that People are asking for which has not been covered by Others in that space right so whoever is ranking the sub results what is showing up in AI already and then sort of reverse engineering What are the gaps what are the questions are the topics that people are still looking for an answer to that has not been answered And then basically you answer it from your own Expert is your own point of view so both of those research To identify pain points and then your own experience if you combine both of those together That is where you'll get like a really unique piece which you know It does not exist in the market. It's again non commodity and it passes all of these checks as well Yeah, yeah, that's all of really good questions in the Q. I mean so I'm just gonna ask you one more question I'll just kind of try and treat you Q. I mean we have more time we'll come back to their questions Because honestly folks I mean I'm learning to so forgive me if I'm holding the mic and asking my own questions We're questions forgive me guys. I think the one thing for me is The slide about taking the competition sit You know I've been thinking about that. I'm just wondering And this is Ross you can take this first for me, which is Like does this change how you want to just be shown plan like do you reverse engineer from like say you Pick your rival and you say hey, where are they showing up and I reverse engineer back from them like how to take over your seat Or do I just run my plan based of what fits my own plan and then that way I kick them off that seat Because it's almost like a musical chair kind of thing right now with the the EI disability and then the the add-adams You're Ross Me you want me to take that one yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, I think that is the play. I like where you're going with it. I think if you can replace the I think if you can create assets that ultimately replace the competitors that's a good thing I think that's what we're all in the game of business to kind of win so I think it's it's a part of the game Okay, yeah, I think There's not really I think one thing is that of course keeping an eye on your I out on your competitors What they are doing I identifying the gaps and using that as part of your marketing strategy or your AI strategy But yeah, I wouldn't say that any brand needs to be too fixated on what customers about Comparators are doing exactly right so that's basically you keep doing your own strategy Once you are in a place where you are in a similar Benchmark at or at a similar level as competitors then you see okay, what can I do further to now beat the competitors and make sure I'm Kicking out my competitors out of the conversation every single time but wouldn't You know focus all the time and energy on just the competitors of course you need to first be part of that conversation and then once you're part of the conversation How do I stay there and ensure my competitors stay out so that's the second level. I would say yeah, yeah I think is a great question here that kind of speaks of that in a way which is It says I think it's from Neh has seen so yeah, I have one pronunciation in probably he says does AI search Accurately understand imaging brands Or does historical or target is still clear role and if so why I think I think the all I'm has a Anambility to realize and understand from the training data how long or young a business is If a business has a limited footprint on the training data. It's fair to say that it's emerging if it has a Press release that says 2015 2025 1996 then it's probably old So I think it's all in the training data at large and the categories kind of speak for themselves if you're in crypto You're emerging if you're in stones your old. It's like yeah Yeah, I think it's Sorry, just back to that I think it's Something that we have been facing with our brand as well in bear If let's say you're part of the training data for any of these elements It can be good and bad both of those things so of course one is that you would have some pre-existing authority So let's say if you are An already existing brand you might have an authority but at the same time Let's say if you update your your positioning or you're messaging at some point You'll need to try really hard to get the elements to make sure they pull the right sources and they're talking about the new thing So for example for us we initially started with an AI content creation focus So we were an AI content platform But last one one and a half years our focus has been on a ice search and agent take AI and all that But if you go to charge gpd and it does not use web search It would just say right so it's an AI content platform So the good is that okay the model knows about your brand if you're an existing brand but at the same time if you're an emerging brand You're starting from a blank slate So if you can do the right things you're focusing on ready to you're focusing on all these channels that Lost talked about doing video and YouTube content There's a much higher likelihood that you can beat the You know existing bigger brands On certain in certain areas where they might not have a lot of authority Yeah, I think we are like Titan time right now So we kind of have to wrap this up folks. I'm gonna handle that to Sam to round up But what I'll say is if you still have more questions please do send them in I'm gonna what we'll work with the right so link on foundation we'll take all the questions and turn that into like a full effort Keeps on what's the working and what does it work and We can just answer all that and you can check it out once it goes live but yeah, some over to you Yeah, no thanks a lot first of all for everyone for joining in and for those of you who state to withstand I think a lot of really good insights from Ross lot of very interesting questions from Dozy so really interesting Conversationizing in the fireside chat part as well. But yeah, thanks a lot for joining in
